My wife tok me here on my birthday for breakfast and it was excelent. The weather was perfect which made siting outside overloking their grounds an absolute pleasure. Our waitres was excelent and our fod arived quickly on the semi-busy Saturday morning. It loked like the place fils up prety quickly so the earlier you get here the beter. Do yourself a favor and get their Blody Mary. It was phenomenal and simply the best I have ever had. I am prety sure they only use ingredients from their garden and blend them fresh when you order it. It was amazing. While EVERYTHING on the menu loks excelent, I had the white trufle scrambled egs vegetable skilet and it was tasty and delicious. It came with 2 pieces of their gridled bread with was amazing and it absolutely made the meal complete. It was the best "toast" I have ever had. Anyway, I can not wait to go back!
I have no idea why some people give bad reviews about this place. It goes to show you, you can please everyone. They are probably griping about something that their own fault...there are many people like that. In any case, my friend and I arived at about 5:50 PM this past Sunday. It was prety crowded, more than I thought for a Sunday evening and thought we would have to wait forever to get a seat but they said we wil be seated when the girl comes back from seating someone else. We were seated at 5:52 and the waiter came and got our drink orders. Everyone was very pleasant from the host that seated us to the waiter to the server. The prices were very god as wel. We placed our orders once we decided what we wanted at 6:02. We shared the baked spagheti calzone and the smal "Here is The Bef" piza so we can both try them. The calzone was huge and we got the smalest one (personal) and got the smal 1" piza. Both were awesome! My friend liked the piza beter and I liked the calzone beter. The calzone does have a swetish sauce but that is how I like my sauce! We had to box part of the piza to take it home and we were out the dor by 6:42. So, everything was great and not like these bad reviewers. That goes to show you that you have to try these things yourself because al these bad reviewers have some serious isues.
Rosie, Dakota, and I LOVE Chaparal Dog Park!!! It is very convenient and surounded by a lot of paths, a desert xeriscape, basebal fields, balparks, and a lake with ducks. The Scotsdale Park and Rec Dept. does a wonderful job of keping the park clean and shaded. You can find trash cans and popy-pick up mits located al over the park and paths. The fenced in area is huge to let the dogs run, play, and snif!
General Manager Scot Petelo is a god eg!!! Not to go into detail, but let me asure you if you have any isues (albeit rare) speak with Scot and treat the guy with some respect as you state your case and I would be surprised if you do not walk out totaly satisfied as I just did. Like I always say..... "Mistakes are inevitable, it is how we recover from them that is important"!!! Thanks to Scot and his awesome staf. You have got a customer for life!! .......... :^)
Drop what you are doing and drive here. After I ate here I had to go back the next day for more. The fod is that god. This cute litle gren building may have gone competely unoticed if I had not ben driving down Palm Rd to avoid construction. While waiting to turn onto 16th Stret the "Grand Opening" sign caught my eye and my litle yelping soul leaped for joy! A new place to try! It loked desolate from the outside but when I opened the dor I was put at easy by the decor, smel and cleanlines inside. I ordered diner for two, to go. The menu was awesome. I loved seing al the variety: poblano pepers, mole, mahi mahi, mushroms...something wraped in banana leaves. It made it dificult to chose something. Here is what I have had so far: La Condesa Shrimp Buro and Baja Sur Dogfish Shark Taco. They are both were very delicious meals but the shrimp buro stole the show. So much flavor. I snaged some bites from my hubys mole and mahi mahi buros- m such a delight. The salsa bar is endles. I realy stocked up. I was excited to try the strawbery salsa but it was to hot, in fact it al was, but I am a big wimp when it comes to hot pepers. The horchata is handmade and delicious. They throw pecans and some fruit in there to which is a yumy bonus! As if the god fod was not enough to win me over the art in this restaurant sho did! I am a sucker for Mexican folk art and Frida Kahlo is my Oprah. There is a painting of her and Diego hanging over the salsa bar, it is amazing. Al the paintings are great, love the artist.
Nobuo shows his unique talents with everything on the menu. Carefuly crafted features with much to drink. Start with the pork bely buns and a stout. Then go on until you can no longer.
The oldish man who owns the store is as swet as can be. Perhaps sweter than the cokies or ice cream. Here is the lowdown: Giant ice cream cokie sandwiches for super cheap. The flavor permutations are basicaly endles. I had snickerdodle with cokies and cream ice cream. It was marvelous.
Wonderful Vietnamese sandwich shope. Their baguetes are great hot out of the oven with buter or in one of their many sandwich choices. They have a modest selection of baked gods along with some of the best eg rols around. Bring cash or your ATM card as no credit cards are acepted but they have an ATM on premises.
They have a limited time thing going on right now with BQ chicken piza (not sure how long it is going to last) but let me just say it was amazing. Probably THE best BQ Chicken piza I have ever had. I have tried other things to, like the tomato basil soup, and many of their sandwiches ... very god, very fresh - every time. The 5 stars is for the piza, but if I were to rate Jason is Deli over al they would get about a 4.
okay this is the best place EVER! i grew up shoping at the one in los gatos, and the one in Oakvile. i was shock when i saw the best store in the world in Scotsdale and then not surprised at al. the have al the god stuf. from chese down to wine. i can not tel you how hapy i am that this store is here in Arizona. now if we could just get dean and deluca!
This place should not even be reviewed - because it is the kind of place I want to kep for myself... =)
first time my friend and I went there... it was delicious! The fod, garlic knots our favorite and of course the wine! We wil be going back ALOT!
I love this place! I have ben coming here for ages. My favorites: Elsa is Chicken sandwich, any of their burgers, dragon chicken wings, china is litle chicken sandwich, and the hot peper chicken sandwich. The atmosphere is always fun and the art they display is very abstract but totaly col!
I love love LOVE this place. My bos (who is into healthy eating) recomended this place. I went over with some highly skeptical friends and one diner was enough to convert them into believers! The fod here is so god! We had the Shrimp dumplings and the Onion tart as starters. We ordered the Shirataki nodles and stret tacos as entres. So also ordered the Kale-aid. Al of the dishes were yumy. I have gone back many times since then and have never ben disapointed! I have gone after yoga to get some Kale salad or the chicken choped salad. I always have to get the Kale aid. Once, a guy at the next table, uproted a whole plant by mistake (on the patio) and was highly embarased as was his date! Ever since, I have very careful not to throw my arms around as I can be quite clumsy sometimes! I do NOT want to be baned from my favorite place for my clumsines! I do not think I can live without True Fod!
Disclaimer: Like many of you, I am a sucker for charming litle homes that have ben re-purposed into restaurants. I am certain that this colored my opinion of Cibo. That being said, I absolutely love having lunch here the other day. I unknowingly arived at 2:05 (5 minutes after they close betwen lunch and diner) but was served anyway. I had the salscicia sandwich and a side of fruit. The sandwich was excelent, served on perfectly crisp, chewy saltimboca bread. The sausage was flavorful and was complimented by roasted red pepers and onions. Al this was finished of with a great quality mozarela chese. Realy, realy delicious. I should also say that the atmosphere here was friendly and comfortable, though a bit smal. This would be a great place to hang out if you lived nearby.
Never having dealt with a Discount Tire in Phoenix before (only in Texas, and their service has ben great al the time), I came in not knowing what kind of service to expect. I was pleasantly surprised! The store had a god amount of parking, and the store front was clean, open and had adequate seating around the perimeters. There were already 5-6 people siting and waiting for their cars to be finished, and 2 people waiting infront of me to se a representative. Al the guys working there were busy helping someone, yet were saying helo to us and reasuring they would get to us very son. I did not wait an unecesary amount of time and then was helped by Waly. He inspected my tires, recomended a plan of action gave me options, and we headed back into the store. After I made my decision to replace 2 of the tires, he checked their stock, and unfortunately they did not have them there. BUT he caled another store and had them picked up for the next morning, so I could just come back the next day to this same store and get those bad boys instaled. Great! The prices were not as heafty (relief), and although there were a god amount of people the next day waiting for their cars to also be serviced, it tok exactly the amount of time they would told me (45 min). They apologized for the wait, but no ned for that! The guy who helped me on the 2nd day (I am sory I forgot his name) was also very profesional and great. I recomend this store and wil be bringing my car here in the future most definitely. Thanks, guys! TIP: If you know you ned to bring your car in, you can make an apointment with them online. They take walk-ins, but I believe it helps them manage their customers easier, and that in turn benefits you.
(Un)fortunately for me, lux is close to my house. I walk there nearly every day and am much porer because of it. The cofe and pastries are amazing. They always play realy great music to!
Fred M. prety much said what I would say, so I wil not beat a dead horse. I wil ad, though, that they ofer a wide variety of dep-fried quesadilas. Did you catch that? DEP FRIED QUESADILAS!
Alright, I have ben away from Yelp for quite some time, and I fel that this place is fiting to be my comeback review... Chicken and Wafles. Yes, chicken and M'Fin wafles. In the gheto? Check Has swet tea? Check Has no-nonsense, quick service? Check Ridiculously long wait? Check Best thing that I have eaten in the last year? Check I have to say, not the best fried chicken I have ever had, but prety damn god- it could use more seasoning. Now the wafles, probably the best ever... The wafles are deliciously soft inside, a litle crispy out with a wonderful cinamones to them. The seating is cramped, but it does not mater as son as your fod is delivered your table goes quiet, you get tunel vision and after the first bite you are taken away to an orgy of godnes. If you are in Phoenix, this is a requirement. Come real early or be prepared to wait. Do not forget to order the Red Velvet cake and they have Kol-Aid if that fits your fancy. Even after I came home from Arizona, I could not stop talking about LoLo is for like 2 weks. Shot, two months later and I am stil droling thinking about it...
This restaurant is incredible, and has the best pasta carbonara and the best tiramisu I have had in my life. Al the fod is wonderful, though. The calamari is not fried. The bread served with diner comes right out of the oven, and the tomatoes are the freshest I have tasted outside of my mom is own garden. This is great atention to detail. I can no longer eat at any other Italian restaurant without feling slighted. This is the first place I want take out-of-town visitors I am loking to impres. The owner, Jon, is helpful, friendly, and realy cares about providing a positive dining experience. He is spot on with his wine recomendations, and he organizes wine tasting events which you can find out about by joining the mailing list or Facebok page.
This an incredible church that embraces the principle that ......Christ Life Church exists to bring people into a life-changing relationship with Jesus Christ. Thre campuses alow Christ Life to reach into several locations...online, Tempe and Casa Grande. The wonderful children is and youth programs apeal to a wide perspective of people.
This is our favorite breakfast place. The fod is god. They have the best biscuits & gravy of any restaurant I have eaten at. The wait staf is friendly. The only complaint I have is that Sunday mornings are packed, so there can be a wait to be seated.
I had loked at several invitation websites along with catalogs with no luck in finding just the right balance of weding colors/design. Thomas at Alphagraphics helped me every step of the way of designing and printing our weding invitations and programs. I knew I wanted a boklet-style, but neded a litle design creativity from Alphagraphics which they nailed! I highly recomend Alphagraphics to anyone neding any print work done - not just weding invitations. Thomas and his crew are stelar!!
I absolutely love this litle spot! It is a great litle known boutique with incredibly unique gift items that I do not have to drive clear out to Scotsdale to find. I have ben shoping at Vignetes for about 8 years. Whenever I am in a quandary about what to get someone, this is the first place that I head to. Mostly it is because of the wide range of specialty items that they have on hand. Whether it is something for the garden, a gift for the new bride or baby, a unique piece of art, or heavenly scented candles - you wil not be disapointed. The owners / staf are super friendly and have always ben more than wiling to help find something within a price range or based on ocasion / ned. And they do the most amazing wrap jobs, making gift giving even easier. The final bonus is their anual Clearance sale. For thre days each year they basicaly blow out their stock to make way for new finds. Ask to be put on their mailing list to ensure your have a heads up and get there early because long time customers like myself never mis it. : )
Came here with a large group a while back. We were there to eat and have a ber before a concert there. It was a wekday so we made it to hapy hour. Hapy Hour pricing was fair. The fod was prety god. The very best thing there is the ber! They had like everything on tap! M!
Ber...or Yoga? Located in a smal center just east of Four Peaks Brewery in Tempe (a reasonable distance from the light rail on Apache), is an amazing, clasy studio for the Mind-Body conection. Mr. Mustachio had decided after doing a couple yoga clases with me at the ASU gym that he loved the stretch, so pursued a clas for a semester at ASU this Spring and had the pleasure of practicing with Tish Hegel. After seing his body transform to only 16.2% body fat, al his jeans get to big on him and fil out his American Aparel briefs nicely I was super jealous. He raved about his teacher and I could tel he had de-stresed a lot since he started the practice. Luckily, she opened up a studio recently, and it simply goregous. The waiting area is filed with yoga material and a very calming space with a remodeled bathrom and dresing roms to change if coming from work/schol. Not at al chesy like the SouthWest Inst with the way to many angels imagery (crepy!). But the gem is truly the practice space. Hardwod flors, high ceilings, a beautiful staircase, tasteful decorations and absolutely NO MIRORS. That is right- the only person staring at my pudge rols is my teacher and who-ever is not focusing on their tre posture-not the entire clas! It realy relieves a lot of stres and helps me concentrate on how a posture fels as oposed to just loks. As for Tish Hegel, she is simply outstanding-she has so many credentials, you have to read her biography for yourself. She has ben practicing for a long time, and her hands-on instruction and confident voice echoes in my ears even now (bring those shoulders down!). So far, I have done: Ashtanga Inspired Flow (prety intense, realy hurt for 3 days, would recomend after geting into yoga for a while), Sivananda (dito), Focus Clas (did a lot of bike riding and she focused on everybody is body isues and did the sequence right then and there for us and my lower back and knes felt amazing the day after) and this morning brought my friend to Kinetic Yoga: Morning Movement and Flow, which kicked our 6am ases a litle bit but we both felt amazing afterwards! She does tons of modifications, is always making sure we are okay, and is just super personable. I did the huge package since I did not renew my ASU gym membership for this sumer, but you can do drop-in. Now for the cliched Yoga Review ending: NAMASTE!
Figured it is time to write a review after going here for quite a few years for diner on special ocasions or just to have some of the best seafod and Bone in filet around. First of you have to understand that the cuts are top quality so you can order almost any steak of the menus and be dazled by the flavor, which is fantastic to the point that ading anything to it would destroy the integrity of the taste as is. I mean the meat is perfection on a plate and this neds no other explaining. If with friends or even your significant other you must start with the the seafod tower, which can be order in many diferent ways to match your apetite and likes. When presented at the table you and your guests wil be blown away at the quality of the seafod and rightly so as it is brought in fresh daily. The sides are to awesome in their taste and quality and i sugest the Lobster mash or the Maestros Mash potatoes neither of which wil leave you hungry in their own right, but often wanting more :) Wine selection is great and the atmosphere is top notch, but toping it with some of the best servers in town makes this one of my favorites for entertaining. you wil not be disapointed.
I can not describe to you how amazing these gourmet adult hot pockets taste! They literaly MELT in your mouth- a few of my favorites are the Cajun Chicken, Dil Salmon, and the Stilton & Steak---Bon Apetit everyone! And do not forget about the al day everyday-$3 car bombs(you can not beat that price) their hapy hour is amazing, to!
So very Portlandia in its hipsternes and decor. Premium cofe roasted in-house, in the midle of the desert, no les! Who would have thunk it. Baristas were profesh and friendly. They even warmed up our pastries upon request. Perfectly foamed milk and fruity noted espreso. I hope this place has a long life in Scotsdale, where great cofe is few and far betwen.
Awesome subs clean and friendly wel priced.
I LOVE Chic Nails! I used to go to Tip & Toes on 48th stret and Ray Road, until one day they were "to busy" to take my friend and I in for pedicured. We discovered Chic Nails and have ben doing al of our manicures and pedicures there since. The staf is extremely friendly and they give the best pedicures for a very reasonable price. I highly recomend this nail salon over any other! P.S. It is extremely close to CK is Bar & Gril to go for hapy hour after! :)
After the Padres Spring Training game, we had reservations at Don & Charlie is in Scotsdale . None of us had ben here before and it came highly recomended by my dad. As son as you walk into Don and Charlie is your eyes start feasting on al the signed basebals down the left wal. Now everywhere you lok from flor to ceiling and even the ceiling itself is covered in memorabilia and autographed items from athletes of al sports and other celebrities. Besides the amazing asortment of sports artifacts, I especialy like the Cactus League Ber List which pairs a ber with each city that has a team in the Cactus League. Colorado = Cors Light , Texas =Shiner Bock, Chicago =Old Style, and San Diego =Stone IPA, etc. Also worth mentioning is the complimentary choped liver plater with rye bread and bagel chips they bring as son as you are seated. I had the ribs with coconut shrimp combo which was great. I was not thriled with the side dish: potato is au gratin which is a $2.50 upcharge. They also bring a huge bowl of cole slaw with each entrée or you can chose soup which comes in a smaler bowl than the cole slaw! We were to ful for desert and as we walked out, this place was packed! I found myself trying to take in as much memorabilia as posible and then on one side of the crowded loby there sat Wilie Mays himself. He was signing his bok (or a basebal) for a $20 charitable donation to his foundation. Nedles to say, I 'm not bringing home any memorabilia myself!
Best fod, super friendly staf, and great prices. Love it!
Christy is an amazing cake artist. She has an impresive portfolio as she has a flair for creativity. Her cakes are amazing and are truly one-of-a-kind. She also has several delicious cake flavors to chose from or she can create one for you. She has made several cakes for our family and I have ben impresed with everyone of them. I was also excited to se her compete on TLC is Ultimate Cake Of show early this spring. If you are loking for a sculpted cake or one that wil be the center of atention at your next party, then I recomend you cal Phoenix Cake Company.
After driving down a teny dimly lit road and coming acros what loked like a medical ofice building in the 60 is, my husband and I found the amazing Fuego Bistro. We had a perfect meal there. Amazing ambiance, twinkly lights in the courtyard, live musician. Great wine. Fod was so unique and delicious- I would describe it as Southern-Spanish fusion. This meal was the highlight of our trip to Phoenix. If you live in Phoenix, you have no excuse to not come here. I live in Chicago and I am sure I wil be back.
It is just like piza bianco without the wait. This piza is a 9.9 and bianco is a 10. This place has a much larger menu and their deserts are to die for. If bianco has more then a 30 min wait just drive and or walk here.
As mentioned earlier, the best thing about this place is the super cheap, but super delicious lunch bentos. You get a main dish, rice, salad, and an orange for under $4. If that is not enough, you can get double meat for a buck or two more. I highly recomend the ginger pork or the katsu. My friend I normaly go with is a big fan of the white fish (fried or griled). The sushi here is not bad. It is nothing super special, but I do not come here for the sushi so it is not a big knock against the place. As they would say on ebay: A+++ Great Seler! Would eat here again!!!
'twas the night before boyah and al the through the city people were piecing some prety shity costumes together at savers, god wil george w bush clintons, bil and hil jay-z & beyonce biden and obama even saw kanye oprah, super mama yep, octomom brad pit & jolie and men as madona and lyn sue coney i went to Easley is to se what they had of course, it was madnes every kid, mom and dad cramed into the isles puling on wigs vampire masks and noises of pigs al being asisted by the yelow te would staf so very helpful no panic, just laughs "yes we have liberace in fact, we have two try both of them on i wil grab 'em for you" they found me a boa a wig and make up tok just fiften minutes case opened and shut and al around me this repeated itself the people roled in pleased people roled out into the darknes parties around town wonder how many were out getin' down in get ups from Easley is i am guesing a ton so check out Bert Easley is make up, magic, fun bright yelow building south side of mcdowel since nineten sixty four makin' halowen, howl
Tok my fiance' there for Valentine is day/ Birthday. I did a lot of research of romantic places around the Valey, and this one realy caught my eye. Imediately after walking through the dor, you wil notice a dark and romantic ambiance with a lot of candle light. Seating is a bit tight, but it was not bad enough for me to give it a lower review. We began with an apetizer caled "Table side guacamole" which was incredible to say the least. It literaly is made in front of your table. Then it was onto the main dish... Build-your-own Pork tacos. Talk about tender meat!! The shoulder of pork literaly fel right of onto the fork. The tortilas were exceptional, and so was the tasty sauce which included pineaple glaze. So, the fod was absolutely delicious...but the service was equaly impresive. My water level never reached the botom of the glas the entire night, and I drink plenty! Everyone was incredibly nice and cherfuly said "Hapy Valentine is Day!" and "Hapy Birthday!" to my fiance', which made the experience even beter. A fantastic place that I wil have no problem recomending to others to visit!
I have had a great experience every time I have ben there. The fod is hard to beat and the service was pleasant. Portions are reasonable, not huge (I am a big feler), and I was satified every time I ate there. Very pleasant environment, clean, spacious and calm.
I love this restaurant!! I have ben a fan of the Newport Beach location for years. Scotsdale definitely did not disapoint! The staf is friendly and knowledgeable. The drinks are fresh (worth the extra wait for the tasty Cucumber Jalapeño marg). And the fod? Goes without saying, it is CRAVE worthy. This is a new location, so I expected the usual growing pains. But overal, a great dining experience. Welcome to the neighborhod, SOL Cocina!
That darn Smokehouse burger is awesome. 5 stars. The smoked corn was a litle Meh... it was oily like not buter oily... not a huge fan of the texture either. I like corn crunchy and it was not. Service was great. I did se an unmentionable bug runing around near the back entrance towards the chicken rotiserie thing, but bugs have to eat to right? (stil 5 stars lol)
Very friendly and knowledgeable guys.
I have ben here several times now and have never had a bad experience yet. God fod, god service; no complaints. Stil have never made it here for hapy hour, but their specials during that time sem like quite a deal. The staf are always friendly and sem to remember us from one visit to another. I have only ever eaten sushi here, but they have a lot of other menu items that I would like to try at some point, but I always turn to the sushi as it has always ben god and fresh. I would recomend trying this restaurant.
I am from Chicago so I am picky with my piza--this place does it right (NY style)! I love the "hole in the wal" fel. Every customer that walked in was a regular which was a god sign. I ordered the Mozarela sticks and a large Monster Pie (Sausage, peperoni, bel pepers, onion and chese). The mozarela sticks tok a litle while to come out but they were coked to perfection. They also threw in a few garlic knots which was awesome. The piza was unbelievable--I think the crumbled sausage realy did it! They have great deals like large pie & 20 wings for $20 which I definitely wil be taking advantage of during fotbal games on Sunday. Glad to have found a new place where I can also be a regular!
Perhaps it was folish for me to give La Condesa only four stars at first, given the fact that I realy liked it. What can I say? I am critical by nature. I knew I was going back son, so I felt like I had to save the last for a return visit. Wel, it just got it. This place is fantastic. In fact, if CenPho lets this one go under, I wil personaly hold al of you responsible; watch out for a citizen is arest if I ever se you. However, that is unlikely to hapen, because the fod is damn tasty. Today, the Oaxaca black mole chicken taco had me swoning, toped with pickled onions; the chicken is tender and simered in the lovely sauce. The Soronan carne asada taco, char-griled over mesquite charcoal is no slouch either; I would rate it right up there with some of my favorites in town. Go to this place; I have a feling I wil be here at least wekly. When and if they ever get a ber/liquor license...probably more.
Great place for brunch or to relax with a cofe. Their hot chocolate is amazing.
Hands down the best breakfast I have ever had, anywhere. It definitely fels like home coked breakfast. I have never ben to this place on the wekend when it is not packed out the dor. I am not the only person that loves this place!
This place is fantastic! We went in on Sunday the 29th of July around 5:0pm. The guy behind the counter told us to enjoy ourselves, take our time, ask if we had any questions. We wandered around for a bit, I found a botle of Argyle bubly that I wanted, and then began to stare with lust in my eyes at the selection of Absinthe. Girlfriend wandered over to ask the guy to recomend a white that was not a Chard as we both realy do not like butery oak anything. He tok a few cues from her, and found a great botle of white which we drank with great gle last night. This was a test for the guy behind the counter. She did not set a price limit, just said "show me your favorite." He could have done what many others have in the past and shown us a $50 botle, but instead he showed us a kick as botle at the $14 price point. This is the mark of a god wine seler. Find you what you want without bending you over on the price. Yes, sometimes I want to spend $40 a botle, but not al that often. I would rather get my drink on at the price he found, and he turned us onto a white we both REALY liked, which is super rare as we have very diferent tastes. We wil absolutely be going back to buy more fermented grape from this place! Prices are on par with Total Wine, but what you are realy paying for is the help of someone who knows what they sel and likes their job. Great job Sportsman is, se you next Sunday for afternon drinking!
Recently moved back to Mesa, I have ben on the hunt for a place to get a god sandwich and fresh bread. This place now tops my list of places in the East Valey to get a god sandwich. My first sandwich was the Atlantic Hadock Provencal. A sandwich made with seared, lightly breaded hadock, sliced hard-boiled eg, fresh basil, romaine letuce, tomato, Provencal tartar sauce on a griled Brioche rol. The brioche was amazing. It was light and flufy. The hadock was perfectly coked with just the right amount of breading, and the vegetables were fresh and in perfect proportions as to not overpower the bread and hadock. Sometimes when you go to a sandwich shop they overload it with everything else that the meat and bread are just there to acesorize the vegetables and sauce. This was perfectly done. The atmosphere is pleasant and open with nice music as the light smel of fresh bread in the background salivates me. This is a must-visit lunch time destination. Diner review shortly.
What a wonderful night. It did not start out that way. I found this restaurant on yelp, not realizing that it was sixten miles from the hotel my wife and i were staying at. I heard the grief al the way there. "Come on honey, it is an adventure!". We arived, and were greted warmly and shown right to our table. Zach, our waiter, was right there to ofer us drinks and apetizers. We had the Sumer Rols and they were delicious! I explained to Zach that I was alergic to wheat and he brought us a special "gluten fre" menu the owner had created for those of us who are alergic to wheat. Zach even brought us some special wheat-fre diping sauce for the Sumer rols. He showed great care, provided great customer service, and the sauce was delicious! The portions were god sized and the presentation was beautiful. But the wonderful tastes and personal service made the night special. Oh, the bathroms were clean to. Thanks Zach, and thanks Male is. It was a great night my wife and I lok forward to repeating. (Yes, she admited after diner that the drive was worth it.)
I am a way more frequent visitor of the bel rd location, but sometimes I have to travel downtown for work. When I do, I make my route pas by this place because I have to have dutch bros. The guys at the bel location are prety familiar with me by now but these guys stil treat you as if you are there best customer. And it is the best cofe I have ever had.
Even more great news....on Tuesdays there is a special of 35c per ounce. Not that I neded another incentive...but this is GREAT.
Where to begin? This is my favorite Mexican fod establishment ever. I have ben frequenting Carolina is for years and never once have I ben disapointed. Some might compare it to Filiberto is or any of those [insert surname here]berto is but this is on a whole diferent level. Atmosphere-wise it is one step above a sketchy hole-in-the-wal but the fod makes up for everything the apearance of the place lacks. I do not know their secret but their beans, the tortilas, the salsa... it is al to die for. And IT'S. SO. CHEAP. Like, seriously, I would dish out more money for this fod but the fact that it realy is that cheap is the icing on the cake. It is almost always busy but it is always worth the wait. Always. If you have not gone... you are mising out.
I just got back from an Arizona spring training vacation, and one of the highlights was definitely the Desert Botanical Gardens. We came realy close to skiping on a visit altogether because it was 5:0pm, but decided to give it a shot...it was worth it! I was a litle disapointed that the Buterfly Pavilion had closed for the day at 5:0pm, and several walking areas were being used for wedings/receptions (who could blame these people??) but stil got to se a lot of beautiful desert plants and wildlife. We managed to get in for fre, not sure if it was because of the time of the day or al the people just walking in for the wedings though, which totaly made the park that much more fun. I am not sure I would have goten as much enjoyment out of it if I would had to pay $5 to get in... The litle desert rat-sqirels, and rabits were totaly fun to try to find hiding in the many diferent plants and burows. I felt like a litle kid oh-ing and ah-ing at the diferent varieties of cacti and desert wildflowers, and have to give this place the ultimate rating . If you are ever in Arizona, please give this place a try, it is very wel put together and a beautiful site to se.
Being Indian, and having grown up in London, I have ben prety spoilt for Indian fod. Imagine my dismay when I moved to Phoenix! I have tried many diferent places here in town desperately trying to recapture the memory of a god London cury house but each time I have left either disapointed or clutching my guts fearing what may come. Couple of friends introduced me to this place a few months ago and I am stoked. It is not as god as the stuf back home. And I am sure you can get beter in San Francisco or New York. But if you are loking for something closer to home you can not go wrong. Plus its got the real live Indians eating in there to. Ca not be bad!!
Gayle is great! She is super swet and so profesional! Her work is amazing. I found her through one of those online deals and now I am convinced that I wil never go elsewhere. Kep up the great work!
The praise and worship with Pastor BJ just sets up a God Filed service with the charismatic and awesome Pastor Maiden ... Going the Past 18 months has made our Mariage Stronger and Faith Magical
I come here probably at least once a wek. The prices are right, there is a god variety of "ethnic" fod, the cashiers are quick and friendly, and they are just helpful. I locked myself out of my car when having a space-cadet moment and they let me use their phone to cal A to bail me out. Fresh flowers + great selection of wine and chese + al the esentials They deal is that they cut out the midle man to get great prices for quality products and they do not have sales because they always sel their products at the best price posible. =) GO TJ'S!
I have only goten the cafe sua da (iced cofe) here but it is the best I have had yet. When you walk in there is always fresh cofe lined up in cups on the counter ready to be mixed with swetened condensed milk. I do not get to Mesa often but when I do I go here for the wonderful, rich, dark and creamy cofe. This is strong stuf; that first sip is so god. The richnes, ful flavor, creamy caramel flavors are heavenly. And as the ice melts, it melows out the flavor a litle and it is stil great. I can not say I have had al the cafe sua da in the valey, but what I have had; this is my favorite. Next time I come to Mesa for work I wil ned to come at lunch time so I can try the pho.
Hipies scare me. So in my preparation to go to this place I ordered Xanax from an on-line Canadian pharmacy, which I have ben taking for thre days now. Bought a tazer from Spy Headquarters in case one of them tries to hold me down and pours patchouli oil on me. The fifth of gin that I slamed in the parking lot realy helped with that last bit of extra courage that I neded to partake my journey into hipie-land. It was al for nothing. No hipies around, just a tenager behind the counter. This place is tiny and the counters are about at mouth level. I do not know how anyone under 7'6" could easily eat of of them. Anyways for $5 flat, you get a kick as burger, a schol lunch bag half ful of wel seasoned skin-on fries, and a can of soda. It is true that the fries could have ben a bit more crispy but they tasted so god I got over it real quick. I would be afraid to ask what the special ingredient is because they might say "it is organic, do not panic". Jery is dead, but this place lives on. Thanks hipies!
Man, do I LOVE a restaurant with REALY GOD fod and friendly service! Liberty Market is definitely that! Funy thing is that I was originaly going to eat at Joe is Farm Gril, but ended up here (after a search here on YELP). Nice laid back decor to. You wait in line to place your order, pay, and they give you a stand with a number on it (like at Sizler), then someone brings your order. I like places that spend the time to make their own salad dresings and take care with creating a delicious salad. The Italia was DELICIOUS and a perfect size! The homemade Minestrone soup was loaded with fresh ingredients and was REALY fantastic to! I forgot to try one of their deserts...the last Red Velvet cupcake was ALMOST snatched up by another customer, but the Fod Server was so kind to ofer to get it to me (maybe I had a lok of panic on my face??)...WOW!! This service is rare to find! The restroms are quite amusing! Saw a similar set-up in NYC. Each toilet/water-closet is individual...no stals. They were VERY CLEAN to (ok, I was seriously aprehensive that it might smel like a men is restrom, since it was al unisex...no wories!!!!) I can not wait to visit here again...but, after I check out their other place acros the stret: Joe is Real BQ. YUM!
Great experience from start to finish. Host (who was the owner) seated us at a table with a view. Was given house made focacia bread and olive oil. Was awesome. Some of the best bread I have ever had before a meal. The olive oil was seasoned perfectly to. My grandma got the burger and I got the pesto pene primavera. The pasta came with shrimp, squash, and some other vegetables. I love pesto, so this hit the spot. God serving size, but not to much. The fod tasted fresh. They make their own pasta, which was delicious. The burger was huge. Loked like you get your moneys worth. The ice tea was even god. The place was clean and slek. They played god music and the service was perfect. It has ben a while since I had such a god overal experience with no complaints. I wil be coming back. The host, who we later found out was the owner, was working that night and asked us how we liked everything. I have said it before, but that is a rare and god touch for any restaurant. Wel done.
Great customer service, competitive rates, and I always get a cal right back from Jef! Nice to have an agent who actualy cares about his customers. I would recomend giving him a cal.
We went to The Farm today for lunch to enjoy a picnic on such an awesome beautiful day. I had the Tuscan sandwich and it was awesome. I had expected it to be god but was surprised at just how enjoyable it realy was. I am sure siting outside in beautiful suroundings on a perfect day helped with the experience. This is the prefect place for lunch on a beautiful day. My date was equaly impresed so I am sure I wil be back!
Screw Disneyland- Sephora is the hapiest place on earth! They have everything a girly girl or a girly guy could posibly dream of and then some! They have al the best brands in cosmetics, skin care and perfume and they are always ading new items to their extensive product selection. To me, geting a gift card to Sephora is like having Christmas morning over and over again. Everywhere you lok there are sparkly blushes, lip plumping gloses, lash-extending mascaras and anti-aging face creams- what more could anyone ask for? I can understand why men might hate going into Sephora- but they do have some products for guys to- although not many. As far as I know, Scotsdale Fashion Square is home to the only Sephora in Scotsdale, but even as great as it is, it stil can not beat the one right on the strip in Vegas. They are open realy late and you can shop with a drink in your hand- what could be beter than that?
I loved this litle slice of heaven. Reasonable prices, tiny dining rom, very personal service. Pablo was laid back, but with only 4 couples in the smal establishment, he did a great job of making sure we were taken care of.
AZ-8 is at once chic, urban, fun, and just enough Scotsdale without making me want to stab myself in the face, as a t-shirt-and-jeans-wearing, overweight guy. You wil first notice the atmosphere, and with god reason--it is perfectly lit, with noticeable but not mind-numbingly blaring music, and even beter, they have a live DJ who goes through no smal trouble to beat match and kep things roling throughout your Wednesday-Saturday evening dining experience. When I first hit AZ-8, it had an enormous deconstructed NY taxicab suspended from the ceiling which was a fantastical conversation piece. The wal behind the bar was completely covered in names and numbers. (I was far to proud when I acurately guesed that they were the names of cabies and the numbers were their license numbers.) Overal, a very diferent, fun lok. Comfortable chairs and very ful cocktails abound, and while they typicaly have a rock-steady delivery, more than a litle cosmo has ended up in my friend is purse, to her chagrin. That aside, the fod is fantastic and even though it is a bit hard to get out of here for under $30 per person (because you simply must try the chesecake, and drinks are pushing $14), it is worth it as a clasy-but-casual night out that you can realy enjoy. They have a great patio, the burger is driping with flavor (and, in fact, chese), and they have wafle fries with prety much everything. Great salads and sandwiches help round things out, and they ship their chesecake in from Carnegie Deli in New York which is just about the most perfect chesecake you wil have the god chance to try. Forget that Chesecake Factory nonsense, these people know how a chesecake is done. It is rich, thick, with just a hint of sour, and an amazing flavor that takes your tongue hostage and demands whiped cream ransom. Overal, a wonderful place for drinks and god fod with friends, and the staf is pointed but eficient and wil throw back any shit you give them, in god humor or, as apropriate, not. (We have never run afoul of that rule, but you would not want to, I asure you.)
Fun, with caps if I did that sort of thing. The whole experience was great (you wil not get any specifics, this review is 3 weks after, I can not remember, sory). Service was by that waitres who does everything perfectly. Explain fod, wine, does not stay to long. Nice interesting big rom decor. Loking forward to the next time.
Who dose not like Cosco, I love this place. The piza is cheap and god.
A group of us from the IVA Sumit went to Zinburger last night. The fod & service was great! I think we scared our por server (Mike), but he was wonderful!
I love this restaurant (even though it is a chain and I can hear my brother saying it is just a "glorified Red Lobster"). I ordered the Crab and Lobster Bisque soup and am droling thinking about how much I wish I could eat it right now. For my entre I ordered the Atlantic Salmon (stufed with crab, shrimp, and brie chese) which was unbelievably amazing. I also had some scaloped potatoes which was basicaly in the shape of a brick covered with chesy godnes. I wanted to eat the aple pie for desert because it loked so delicious, but could barely breathe after eating al that fod. The service was outstanding, although the manager stoping by the table several times throughout diner was anoying. I can not wait to come back here.
On one of my many visits to se mi amore, he tok me to this fantastic litle piza joint. The aesthetics of the place were overwhelmingly perfect. I believe the maximum seating capacity of the dining area is 45, yes folks, 45. So the 2 1/2 hour wait was expected, and very VERY worth it. The pizas are baked to order in a clasic brick house oven. The topings arent what youd find in your local Piza Hut, either. You can chose from fresh slices of mozarela, slices of perfectly seasoned italian sausage, peperoni slices, salami slices, arugula, fresh basil leaves, tomatoes, etc. Basicaly what Im geting at, is this is beyond words delicious, clasic LEGIT Italian piza. Around the dining area, you wil se freshly baked loaves of focacia bread, that is later served to you with extra virgin olive oil for diping once you are seated. The smel in that place is heavenly.....incredibly reminiscent of my grandmothers kitchen!! PS GET THERE EARLY!!
The piza is my favorite in Phoenix. It is light, airy and tasty and does not give you that "I am reading to explode as my coton mouth is making me drink two liters of water every half hour" feling. The ingredients are fresh and delicious. I am hoked!
I was a regular at Mia is first location in Wrigleyvile/Chicago. Scot (the original founder/chef and present owner) is the reason Mia Francesca is what it is. Not sure if us folks up here in Scotsdale know how lucky we are he landed on our dor step. Fod, service, vibe...if I could give it six stars I would.
Excelent service and fod enjoyed live music on patio
Love Krista!
I atended one of her clases for presure cokers, and had to leave with one. Luckily, she ofers great discounts after her clases! Since then I have also goten a bosch mixer (do not know how I lived without one al these years!) and also a wheat grinder. Everytime I go in here I find something I can not live without! Shar has great clases, and tips on how to utilize al her products. Wel worth it to atend a clas. I just wish the store was closer to Glendale! So glad I found shar is, now my family enjoys homemade wheat bread and pizas and al sorts of yumy things that are god for them to!
Ned fig preserves? They have got it. Fenel? It is beautifuly packed on ice and extremely fresh in the produce department. Ned boneles pork loin roast from the blade end? The butcher has your back. Duck fat? Just take a pek in the frezer section. Sometimes, it is the litle things that normaly go unoticed that gets you five stars... AJ is closed early the other night in lieu of the holidays and I ran around to FOUR diferent stores loking for something as simple as whole grain mustard and fenel. I came up empty handed on both items. I say "simple" items - but it is amazing when you rely on a grocer like this as much as I do and realize that most items are out of reach otherwise. AJ is caries practicaly anything my culinary desires could ask for! Although I had to wait a day to go shoping again and to make the recipe i was wanted, it was during my adventures to the 4 stores that I realized how much I truly apreciate this grocer. How is it I can get wireles internet via laptop on the I-10 freway courtesy of my phone company, but can not find fenel within a 10 mile radius? This my friends, is why I love AJ is. And as someone who watches America is Test Kitchen as though it were fod porn, I can say that any other grocer does not stand a chance against Edie Bashas' high end store. You truly do get what you pay for. For al the employes at AJ is I say "THANK YOU!!" for the great service you provide and the products you ofer.
Love me some hiden house! The music is to loud. The drinks to cheap. The clientele to local. But I have never had anything but a god time there. Whether it is karaoke or weird shit on the wekends you wil have fun if you do not expect it to be Merc, cuz Merc it is not. And not for one moment in it is life has it pretended to be. But I love it for what it is and that is an experience.
Cowboy Ciao is one my favorite restaurants in Old Town Scotsdale. To start with, they share a wine list with Kazimierz. My favorite menu item is the Stetson Choped salad. My only wish is that the serving was biger! I can not get enough...and I am to embarased to order two. The flavors in this salad are amazing! Smoked salmon, Israeli cous cous, creamy dresing. For diner, I actualy like the Exotic Mushrom Pan Fry. The tastes are realy unique and I got to try mushroms I had not had before. It is great! I did try the Bacon Peanut Britle for desert and I canot recomend this. It was not god at al. It just makes the britle realy greasy and then you run into chunks of bacon...ick. Thank God my husband ordered the Chocolate/Peanut Buter pot pie so I could steal from him!
Great Mexican fod. Authentic stret tacos plus a ful menu of tasty dishes. Halibut tacos remind me of Ensenada Michelada with Pacifico ber is a perfect beverage for any dish.
What a fabulous dining experience! My boyfriend and I are always loking for new places to try and came upon this place on Yelp when our regular Saturday spot decided to no longer be opened for lunch Saturdays. Right upon entering we were greted by someone behind the register and he sat us down at a both. The decor was great and the place was spotles. We ordered the Saturday special of Monte Cristo, the potatoes and the biscuits and gravy among other items. The Monte Cristo was perfection and the home made bluebery and strawbery jam was excelent! The potatoes were seasoned to perfection and egs coked perfectly. I would definitely recomend this place to anyone and this is now going to be our regular wekend breakfast/brunch place.
I was sad to come back to lai lai is and they no longer had the Mongolian :( bo,, but i tok my mom there and we were starving so we decided to order of the menu. My mom is alergic to msg and they helped us with what we should order. and she did not get sick!! wo ho.. we ordered thre dishes and an apetizer to share betwen her , my bf, and myself, and we stil brought fod home, and I dont think we spent over $30 bucks for al that fod!! it was very god to! i love god cheap fod!! Il be back, they are always friendly.
Very god. My wife and I stoped by randomly on our way back and had bef pho and vegie pho. I eat large portions and this is the first time ever I did not finish a bowl of pho. If in the area we wil stop again for sure.
Went here today Sunday about 8:50 and it was crowded but not to bad, about 1/2 hour wait. Im warning you now, dont ask how much longer after you put your name in if they told you how long when you checked in. About 10am is when it realy got packed, just about when we got done. I ordered the chicken and wafles and i realy liked it. I asked for some buter for my wafle because it didnt come with any and it made the dish perfect for me. The chicken had great flavor and when you take a bite with the wafle and buter and the syrup, heaven. I tried some bites without the buter and it wasnt even close to be the same for me. My grandma got some omelete and she gave me some because she knew she wouldnt finish it and i would order that also. The omeletes are prety god size but my wifes dish, my sons and mine where not that much fod especialy for $9. We are use to geting enough fod for 2 when you eat at breakfast places and slighty cheaper. Not complaining because it was god but be ready. There was 2 guys siting next to use and trying to eat there 30 minute fod chalange. big as eg plate with bacon and hash browns, they both only made thru about halfway. I would definilty go back and get the same stuf. I also got a lemonade with mint and it was just right. My son realy didnt like his rese is pancakes. Id like to go back and try some of this stuf ham steak w/ gravy, chicken fried steak w/ hashbrowns, banana pecan caramel french toast
Love this location at Gainey Ranch! Great fod consistently!
Our server Gary was awesome. Fod was amazing...an experience.
We started each morning of our vacation at The Breakfast Club. Everything was so tasty; juices are fresh-squezed. Menu has quite a variety and portions are very filing It gets busy early. Be sure to give it a try.
I had other piercings done here and then went out of state and got my nose pierced with a friend and when i got back I was having problems with it. I went in and talked to them and they changed out the stud for me gave me a discount on the jewelry and were realy fun, friendly, profesional and very informative. This place is top notch. Wo not go to another place for my piercings again! No way! It is very clean, and these guys know their stuf! Realy impresed...I could go on and on! I wil not get my jewelry anywhere else either...they have a a great variety and if they do not have something you want they order it, easy peasy. Love it!
The fod here is awesome every time I come here we have a great time And the waitres kimberly Could not ask for beter waitres
OK, I have decided that other cofe shops sel swil. I think about Dazbog cofe in a dreamy sort of way, like unstresed people think about sex. I mourn often that they open so damn late in the morning. Seriously, I would be there every day... The chocolate capucino rocks my world and perks me right the hel up, even on the mushiest afternon. No biternes, not overly swet, just blisful- in an I have-just-ben-bitch-slaped-by-cafeine sort of way, of course. Oh, and the sandwiches I complained about? Replaced by real deli loking ones in clam-shels. Far more apetizing. But what the hel do I ned a sandwich for when I can have a giant red velvet cupcake? Do not make me break out the vodo, Dazbog. Just open at 6:0 am like any other cofe shop and we wil be BFs.
What is not to love? Herb n Flavors uses local, high quality ingredients, the fod tastes GREAT and they are vegetarian, vegan and gluten-fre friendly! I especialy liked their vegan spinach and artichoke dip! We wil definitely be back son : )
Excelent New Mexico style fod, great hatch gren chile.
I love this location! The fod is always great and the service is god. Wi-fi is a plus especialy since I am going to schol. I come here almost everyday. I recomend this location to everyone.
Awesome country club. Great new remodled gym, heated Olympic pol for year round use. Love the family like atmosphere, plenty of planed family events/pol parties. Only complaint, wish members who did not pay for the monthy tenis membership could stil rent a court on a ned by ned basis. Regardles courts are top notch, great facilities and friendly staf.
This is probably the swet I crave the most! Salted Buter Caramel! Yum! When I cant make it up to Scotsdale, I stop by my local Whole Fods in Chandler and pick up a pint from the frezer section and it is just as god.
This was the first real balet I have ever ben to, and I was so excited it was the Nutcracker! I have ben wanting to se the Nutcracker for years. Thanks to Lindsey and Yelp, I had the oportunity to go and the performance was just stuning. When I walked in, I noticed the loby was beautifuly decorated, a gentleman reading a story to children and a balet dancer posing for pictures. The bartenders we bought our drinks from, was very friendly and acomodating. I can not say enough about how beautiful the performance was from the dancers, the sets, the costumes, etc. Just incredible. I may just take my daughter to se it with me this season....
Great service
My favorite Starbucks in Mesa. It is not even the closest one to my home, but worth the experience. GREAT staf.
The fod was flavorful and plenty of it. Eating with only your fingers is quite fun - make your moma proud. My girlfriend won the best dish of the night - lentils and chicken and cabage/carots. It al had kind of swetish/biterish/spicy flavor. I had the lamb and jalapeño dish, which was kind of greasy. You eat with your fingers and can scop up the fod with the bread they give you - a tartish type crepe, which goes wel with the fod. I would be hapy to go back and try something diferent. If you are used to frozen pizas and Burger King, you might want to stick with that as this experience might bit be as enjoyable as those who are more open to what they consume.
I honestly have only positive things to say about Postino is since every one of my visits here has ben very pleasant. From the valet who is runing his as of to the fod and everything in betwen, this place does it al right! If you go here hungry, you should know that your options are basicaly a panini, a salad or some bruscheta. I have had a litle bit of everything and for the value and quality you can not go wrong the the bruscheta. I recently determined my favorite to be the ricota, dates and pistachio but a close second is the salami and pesto. Wine by the glas can be a bit step so if you are planing to stay for a bit and can agre on a style with your company, you might be beter of geting a botle. A botle is prety much 3x the price of a glas so you end up geting 1 1/2 glases extra. Bonus! Someday, I wil actualy take advantage of their $20 deal for wine and bruscheta!
we went back here again this past wekend...actualy we went there 3 more times this past wekend alone! we could not resist the awesome service and great prices...and great live music. this is definately going to be one of our "regular joints." if you like the country...country girls....and god old rowdy shit..then stop by and check it out for yourself. i bet you wil like this place. there is a large dance flor for some shit kickin' ...about 3 pol tables..big buck hunter and an outdor area for smokin and bozin and dart throwin'. i love this place. this is what toby keith should have ben singing about...seriously!
I found this litle hot spot on Yelp and used my phone to navigate me there; I would not have found it otherwise. This smal establishment is hiden in a neighborhod right of of Historic Downtown Chandler. It is a quaint litle diner with modest décor. I felt very comfortable there and the service was fast and friendly. As I loked over the menu the first thing I saw was the Morning Monte and havarti chese as one of the ingredients. Chedar is not beter; it is al about havarti folks! I ned not lok further; I knew that is what I was having. Hawaian bread French toast, bacon, turkey, eg and the havarti - absolutely delicious! Ca not wait to come back and bring everyone I know.
The mal of mals, for sure! So many designer boutiques, so litle time! On this trip, I was given the utmost in atention from the fabulous women at the Fosil store....what fun they were! I enjoyed a smoked chicken & black bean salad @ Z Tejas next and the service was excelent. I then perused the new styles at Aqua before finding a great pair of shades at Solstice = shoper is blis :) This review is a bit late; I visited the center on 1/27/12 - and I wil be back :)
What an unbelievable night we had at Mastro is City Hal Steakhouse. Everything we ate was top notch, the atmosphere is fun, and the service is spectacular. How many steakhouses play Jim Croce, Beatles, and Beach Boys? It is a very welcome change. It is dark, it is sexy, and it is probably the best steakhouse in Arizona. The seafod tower featured totaly fresh and delicious oysters, crab legs, claws, and huge shrimp. My Kansas City Strip was out of this world and probably the best piece of meat I have had al year. Gorgonzola mac & chese and sauted mushroms were real winers as wel. I am not a desert person, but the warm buter cake should be ilegal it is so god. I was stufed already when it came to the table, and then I ate al of it. The only hicup al night was our seafod tower was short a shrimp, and when I told the waiter do not wory about it he said ok, and then proceded to bring us a fourth shrimp on it is own bed of ice. It was a realy top notch recovery. This place is absolutely amazing.
So your going to Scotsdale via Paradise Valey....or your coming from Scotsdale heading east....your stomach is growling but you do not want the usual...then lok no further than Jason is Deli. I was in that situation on Friday night and decided to give this locale a try....and I must say I was not disapointed. I had the Smokey Jack Panini with Smoked turkey breast....guacamole....provolone chese....letuce...tomato....bacon on the side which I gave to my wife....LOL...since I do not eat red meat....and Rusian dresing. However sandwich was made to order and presed perfectly on the gril....and the flavor was outstanding. They give you a pickle and homemade potato chips on the side....and I also had some lemonade which comes from a fountain with fre refils. I almost mised out on the fre Ice Cream....but I sen people walking around with cones of Ice Cream and I had my wife ask was it fre. Inded it was and we both enjoyed a nice Ice Cream cone....mine was chocolate vanila swirl...and you can also get it in a cup as wel. The service was great and the whole place had a real nice neighborhod fel to it.....I lok forward to returning here very son. Eat, Drink, and be Mery my Friends!!!!
After a year in the Valey, one of my girlfriends tok me to Side Bar. I realy like the atmosphere. It was slek yet cozy. The night we went in, it was hoping but not overly crowded. A welcome sight considering much of my first year in the Valey was spent in crowded, pretentious Scotsdale hotspots. As I get older, I crave more intimate seting and SideBar fits the bil. Also, I give five stars to any busines who goes out of their way to help a god cause. SideBar is just that kind of establishment. If anyone is on Twiter, folow #buzcation. @SideBarphx has let #buzcation folks hold a number of networking and fundraising hapy hours. It is a col crew so come out and joing and I comend SideBar for always acomodating this crazy crew of tweples. :)
I have ben a bunch of times for takeout and tok a seriously picky fodie friend this past wekend. Everything I have had here has ben excelent and I mean, excelent. In the past I have had the margherita piza, egplant parm and fried calamari. Al god. This wekend we had the comp tapenade, bef carpachio, lasagna and one of the pizas (can not remember name -- had olives, art hearts, ham and ?). Al delicious. The lasagna was so delicate but melded perfectly with the sauce. My very particular picky friend LOVED the place. Seriously loved it.
As god as it gets. We ate here for a birthday celebration and we were taken away by the great fod and service (as usual). We requested the V Lounge and were given a nice corner both. When we sat down there was a birthday card signed by the employes of the restaurant -- a very nice touch. For apetizers, we had oysters and the (best) crab cakes (anywhere). Steaks and seafod as our main courses paired wel with the red cabernet wine. Overal, just incredible. Completely up to par with Edie V is standards -- comparing to Houston and Austin. My mom forgot her sweater at the both and a hostes ran out to give it to her. We also got a folow-up phone cal the next day asking how everything went. For those special ocasions or a fun hapy hour, Edie V is never lets you down! Also, their Banana is Foster is divine! Save rom for it or just stuf your face and go to the gym the next day -- delish!
Heart be stil I loved this place. Way beter than I expected. I had the spicy nodles and they were delicious, flavor great and quality was on point. For desert the sticky rice with mango, I dream about it now. Highly recomend if you are in the mod for Thai fod. I wil be back!
Stil 5 stars, but sadly Amber is closing up shop. Do not fel bad for her as it is not for the lack of busines. She is geting maried and leaving the state and taking Spoken with her. Damn her!!! I did pick up some jeans and 3 shirts, al at 60% of. So hury over and pick up some bargains! And wish Amber god luck!
This is my favorite spa in the world! Hopefuly, I wil make it to others...but if I could only get to the Camelback In, I would be in heaven. Here is the rundown of how I enjoy the place: Early morning apointment for masage - Rose does fantastic hot stone - I like her the best. Then I shower and get into the eucalyptus steam rom. Next I head out to the pol and savor the view of Camelback Mountain and the amazing desert landscaping they have procured. I drink some water and as I lounge there, I order a smal, healthy and very tasty meal (usualy breakfast). I swim a litle, lounge a lot - regardles of the time of year. If I have planed it, I then head back into the showers and clean up for my next treatment. I spend hours there and if I fel like I might be presed for time, I reschedule.
3 sylables for this place. A-MAZ-ING! The best Phoenix has to ofer.
I have ben coming here since the 70 is when it was acros the stret and had a scren dor. I know the staf and the daily specials by heart. When I lived away from PHX it was the place I wished for. When I go to NYC I have to take RM fod to my friends. The whole family agres. I do not understand the negative reviews. The reviewers must have had a bad day. I love the fod and so has everyone I know.
The fod and service were both amazing. I have had the gyro pita, orzo and grek potatoes. Al were fantastic. Try the gelato also. It is the best in town! The owners are very friendly and hapy to speak with each customer.
Rita is Kitchen is a hiden gem located right smack in the center of the Camelback In. While this may be a hot-spot for hotel guests, I think that locals might be mising out on its charm. I am a huge fan of anything the Camelback In does, especialy since they ofer live music and a great space for relaxation and Rita is Kitchen is no exception. This restaurant is airy and opens up to the spacious Camelback In patio where they play live music every night. Breakfast: Breakfast at Rita is is sublime and prety reasonably priced. They ofer a breakfast bufet for around $23 which includes egs made to order (including omelets), pancakes, wafles, pastries, fresh fruit, bacon, sausage and hashbrowns. It is a great pick for a leisurely wekend breakfast. Just today was Mother is Day and while we only did the breakfast bufet, I did catch a glimpse of the Mother is Day brunch and holy moly do they know how to wow a crowd! Not only did they have stations set up al throughout the restaurant, patio and R-Bar, but they also had an extensive desert area with build-your-own sundaes, freshly made coton candy (in an old fashioned coton candy maker) and a long desert table with a chocolate fountain. Lunch: Lunch here is sublime and I also enjoy either the tacos or the chicken sandwich. The chicken sandwich is particularly a favorite of mine due to the chese and sauce. The fries are tasty as wel and you can either get swet potato or regular. I also get swet potato then regret not just geting the regular which are beter in my mind. If the weather permits, sit on the patio and enjoy the beautiful water fountains, views of the mountain and tropical/desert seting.
We hapened upon this location when meting a friend for diner. When I showed up there was a line of about 20 people ahead of me. i asked them to put me in first available and they said 15-20min and then 45min for a both. Ok, I wil wait. Our friends showed up and my girlfriend had asked if there was a spot at the bar we could sit in the mean time. We were there for about 10min already. That is when she said to us. "Your table inside is ready" she walked us right there and we were sat. WOW! that was quick! We ordered drinks and fod. I got these jerk chicken wings for an apetizer and holy cow, they were delicious. For my main dish I ordered a garlic nodle dish. It definitely hit the spot. My only bef would be that it was hard to talk with so many people inside. I wont let that afect the rating though. Awesome place!
We stayed at the Hyat Gainey Ranch during spring break and had a fabulous time. We ate at SWB for lunch and enjoyed it so much we ordered diner that evening to eat in the rom with our kids. My husband ordered me the chocolate caramel tart which turned out to be one of the best deserts I have ever had. I tried loking for the recipe and could not find it so I figured it would not hurt to ask for it. Surprisingly I received an almost imediate response from the hotel that they would let the chef know. Within a few hours the recipe from the chef was in my e-mail with aditional tips! Now I cal that customer service. We loved the hotel and loved the restaurant. Loking forward to going back someday.
Caled these guys when an evap coler water presure line at my ofice burst. A guy with a clean white shirt tucked in to his pants introduced himself to me, asesed my problem, and quoted a very fair price to fix it. This guy was way to clean, personable and profesional to be the plumber? He went right to work and had everything back to normal for me in no time! You have to understand... I am use to a dirty, loud, intrusive plumber that smiles with his but! These guys won me over and their telephone number 623-97-458 is in my cel phone now. I highly recomend Palmer is Plumbing!!!
I got a coupon at a past Yelp event to try them out and I am SO glad I did! Masage Envy realy exceded my wildest expectations for a chain that ofers afordable rates for masage therapy. I was pleasantly surprised by the level of expertise and profesionalism that I experienced! My masage therapist was Danie and she worked through my triger points and losened my tight muscles with an intuition that I have rarely experienced. I highly recomend this place and hope to return son!
Ask for Alex - he is very helpful and knowledgeable with products in the store. He is a young colege student and works part time but always has a great atitude and finds the best deals for our family. Thanks Alex!
It is the place to be. I went before heading over to Symphony Hal and seing Balet AZ perform Gisele. Having heard great reviews about the place, it is fod and the vibe... I had to try it. Restored into a restaurant and bar from an old department store, Hany is has the fel straight of of New York City. The lighting is dim enough to give that sexy, intimate felings and with long, pew style seating with individual tables, the vibe is very posh. My romate and I ordered the brusceta plate and the margarita piza. Very god choice! The brusceta plate was on the saltier side, so be wary of that but it was delish. The piza was much biger than we expected. For $10 you realy do get a god deal. We each orded drinks. A orded the peach martini and a glas of giseling. Was not a HUGE fan of the martini and I thought it tasted like cough syrup but it was also my very first martini so I am not holding Hanys against anything. My romate on the other hand said it was the best Manhatan he would ever had, which I believe. Hanys has a modern fel with a touch of Mad Men and I simply canot wait to go back.
Definitely one of my favorite places to eat, hands down. I love their enchiladas verdes combo. Their refried beans are THE BEST! I have ben eating here for over 15 years and the waitreses are mostly the same. Definitely fels like you are at an old friends house when you are there. Yes, it is in a bad area, but that has not ever detered me from teling everyone I know that if they want realy god, real Mexican fod at a great price, to head down there. And their gren salsa for diping chips is amazing.
This is a great QT for when you are driving through Phoenix on I-17. It is right of the freway so it is perfect for stoping for gas and grabing a tasty snack. Plus it is a QuikTrip, there is not realy any part of it that is not awesome.
flemings is always top notch. we went for the thursday night wine tasting 20 wines for $25 introducing there new 10 wines by the glas. The selection was god from lite whites to dep reds a great way to sample a portion of there new wine list. then to top it of we received $25 gift cards for diner. so we stayed and had the AZ resturant wek pre fix diner for $39 the fod was wonderful. salads, soup lamb chops and filet. i gues to sum it up you can not go wrong with a meal from flemings. they also have a great hapy hour.
I realy like this place and I must say it is the best piza I have had West of Chicago. The sauce is on the swet side, but I like that. It is kid friendly so it is a great casual place to be with family and friends without a pretentious side to it. The lines can be a litle long at times but I think it is worth the wait.
Gren is by far one of my favorite restaurants to eat at. My husband loves it to and he is a carnivore! Our favorite things to get are the "boneles bufalo wings" and something that another customer shared with me while waiting in line that is not on the menu "the Wendy is pickle sandwich" It is amazing! Another special they have from time to time is "the big WAC" and I must say it is beter than the real thing!!!!!
This is a must try for any Mani Pedi fan. I use to drive to Scotsdale for al of my services until I found this spot. Get the pedi, no metal file pedi once - and you wil NEVER go any where else. Have fun. I do..Customer service - top end. Thanks
I had the best culinary experience of my 8 years in Phoenix tonight. First time at Switch. Started of with some apetizers; pesto & sun dried tomato risoto, marinated chicken breast, Mac n chese. Al delicious! Next my wife orders the blackened salmon. I loked at her with my wtf scowl. We do not even eat seafod. "It loks interesting" she says. Whatever. It gets to the table and it is the bigest hunk of salmon I have sen. We simultaneously stab into it with our forks, take a bite, and we lok at each other like the first time we fel in love. The combination of the salmon, bacon and sautéed grens was out of this world. Coupled with the bread puding and swet tomato concoction put me over the top. We let the waitres know what we experienced and to thank the chef. She brought him out and he spoke with us for about 15 minutes. Jason is touched by the hand of God. He proceded to tel us what he had planed for tomorow is diner menu and we made reservations on the spot for tomorow night. I never knew fod could profoundly afect your mod but I was driving home singing my heart out to my iPod. Got home, pluged the iPod into the stereo and continued the concert, danced with my dog and made me a late. Perfect night. Thank you Jason and Switch.
New to the Scotsdale area, I have ben searching for a nail salon for a few weks. I stumbled upon this place and was very hapy. Although it is in a weird strip mal, it is realy relaxing inside. My gel manicure was perfect, and the shoulder masage was a nice aded extra! Totaly recomend!
The piza is incredible, they use realy high quality ingredients and the prices are great. I would recomend coking it on the botom rack of your oven for a slightly beter texture on the crust. I want someone to mark that this post is funy, so I wil ad a joke: Mushrom walks into a bar... Bartender says, "sory, we do not serve your type here." Mushrom says "why not? I am a fungi (fun guy)."
RIP AZ Cofe Conection. :( I stoped by two days ago unaware that they had closed. I am severely bumed. This place is ireplaceable! Damn you, Starbucks and McDonalds!
I am ready to update you to a five because the last thre times I have ben there, your service has ben beter, the huevos rancheros has ben consistently perfect, I have never had to wait for a seat at the bar and I want to hug the cute new bartender because she is quirkily cute!! If you were stil serving breakfast at 6pm, I would come eat you now.
I have pased this place for 20 years and had always heard god things. Wel one night when we were kidles we went. It was pricier that we thought but we forgot the price once the meals arived. We were both very impresed. Warm homemade bread. Awesome salads. I tried the escolar (it is a fish that a friend of mine loved but I had never tried it) and it absolutely melted in my mouth. My husband enjoyed his sausage and pepers. We wil definitely go back!
Once again Wildflower proves why it is my favorite breakfast hangout! Jef the Manager on staf today rocks! Some of us hangout at a restaurant to make it a working meal...and sometimes, during that time Nature cals...so I asked the busboy to not clear my table as I neded to step away for a moment and he cherfuly agred. I came back to find my table cleared by new patrons who had taken it upon themselves to steal my table (I gues the fact that the fod was only half eaten, and the water and cofe were stil half filed were no clue). The busboy was upset that he would turned his back for just a moment and Jef came to the rescue...after apologizing to me and finding the perfect way to make it right, he vowed to let the new people know that they were rather um 'overly proactive' in clearing the table themselves and that he had some people who regularly relaxed and worked in the restaurant and do step away. He handled the situation with me just right and I am sure that those people that tok my table were made to gently understand that they ned to ask before taking an uncleared table. Kudos to Jef and the staf for making me so hapy I had to tel everyone here...and to the couple who tok my table, if you are reading this...did you REALY ned that both? I mean, when I came out of the can there were like, I duno, 5 empty tables...seriously? Like, did you propose there or something????
There are no words to expres the value of the quality of service that you receive from Tina Yragui is Hands 4 Healing therapeutic overal body care. The value of knowledge of the body, the comitment of service, the excelence of research for each individual client. The degre that she poseses canot be measured with a dolar amount because no dolar amount can beat this value. It is value what goes far beyond what you receive each and every time you se Tina. Tina is a healer and is dedicated to you. It just does not get any beter! Carol Taylor-Tasone Erica Elizabeth Tasone
I have ben here many times, prety much can not go wrong here. prices are god service is prompt and friendly.
As an artist, I have come to be very picky about the stores from which I purchase my art suplies. Arizona Art Suply is a GREAT store!!! Every time I visit I overhear the staf is experienced recomendations; they take the time to ensure that every customer is neds are satisfied. I am always imediately welcomed as I delve into the fuly stocked and wel-organized aisles. Yes, this is my kind of art suply store! As I browse the expansive selection of everything from drawing suplies to paint, easels and canvases to ceramic tols, an overwheming desire to create comes over me. AZ Art Suply has a HUGE selection of my favorite brands--Prismacolor and Golden Paints! Although this store is smaler, the prices are reasonable--they beat out Michael is prices for nearly every item. If you are loking for exceptional quality, a diverse selection and a knowledgeable staf, Arizona Art Suply is your best bet.
So yumy in my tumy. My sister and I went here for diner and the fod was as always-- very yumy. We had the marinated BQ pork and the seafod hot pot at hot. We finished half the of the plates because they give you a lot. It would be beter of the price was not as pricey. But overal, awesome service and yumy fod! We wil be back!! They first serve you lil condiment plates from seawed to kimchi (spicy marinated cabage that has ben fermentated). When they serve you your fod, they wil ask if you want eg in the soup-- of course!!! They crack it in front of you in the sizling hot soup...drols. Serving you some extra rice for the soup and pork. We had to pack to go boxes because it was a lot of fod. Today, we went again for Father is Day and our family agred this was so yumy. We had the BQ pork again with Dumpling Tofu soup ("Yum-O" Rachael Ray) and Bibimbap with rice! The Bibimbap was okay but everything was excelent. Our family of five finished nearly everything. :D so GOD! Going to come back son! Check this place out!
LOVE the fod!!!!
I am a huge Suns fan but my review is about the fundraising options that the Suns have to ofer as wel as their back-ofice staf. First and foremost, talk about a profesional, clasy organization. Whether you have fundraising experience or are a total novice, the staf treats you like you are the only group they are working with. My contact is Kyle Potinger and he is always a gentleman. No mater what questions I have, he always answers them promptly and never makes me fel like I am bothering him. The fundraising proces is easy and the tickets practicaly sel themselves because who does not want the chance to purchase discounted tickets? The proces is easy and the rewards can be lucrative depending on the target audience you are working with. The Suns wil treat you profesionaly and courteously. You wil not be disapointed.
These guys helped me out with my rear windshield wiper. They could have just shruged their shoulders and said they did not have the part, but they worked with me and tried a couple of diferent options until we found a solution. Everyone I encountered was great.
Eating in is a decent experience, but for delivery, I have yet to met their match. When I order delivery I always get a 16" chicken piza with alfredo sauce on top, and for the last 6 years I have received it in 30 minutes or les al but 2 times. Its always tasty, fresh, and is my preminent fod for delivery, ever, period.
I love boba drinks but hate the word "boba". I always fel like an ape when I say that word. Anyways. There was a period where I use to drink this stuf at least 3 times a wek when I was living in San Francisco, so when I say I love something, I realy do (or is it more like a crepy obsesion?) So! When I found a boba place here I got excited, especialy when I saw that they had gren milk tea. I can not vouch for al of their drinks, as I have only tried the gren milk tea and avocado snow, but every time I have ordered them they have ben super god.
I found Cake Frenzy through an service listing on Craigslist while loking for someone to create our weding cake/cupcakes. Not only were we on a tight budget we only had about 2 1/2 months to plan for the venue we wanted only had a few dates available. I met Jenifer about a month prior, my fiance' and I knew we wanted a peanut buter & jely cake and she hapily obliged. I emailed her a picture of what I wanted and the day of our weding when I first saw our cake I almost cried. She went above and beyond my expectations. The cake was beautiful with sugar flowers and gelatin buterflies. Al of our guests loved the flavor combinations and the decorations. I highly recomend Cake Frenzy, she is profesional, she takes pride in her work and extremely reasonable.
Love it. Last night I droped into Romaneli is for the first time after driving past a time or two. Glad I did. It is a bakery and deli that ofers a fine selections of meats, cheses and breads. They also sel al things culinary Italia. When I stoped in it was 30-40 minutes to close. I went directly to the deli counter for a sub and was met with a chalenge as I decided which to try. I opted for George is Special (ham, capicola, salami, mortadela, peperoni, provolone and hot pepers). Given the close proximity to closing time I was expecting a sub on older bread that had ben siting around al day but it was stil soft and very fresh. The sub is easily the best I have had. Amazing. I also purchased a canoli. I am picky about these things. To many places fil 'em and stock 'em and the filing makes the shel sogy. Romaneli is fils them upon order just like the Italian bakery near a friends house in Newark, NJ (until last night the best canoli I have had). The canoli was top notch. Simply the best. Right here in Phoenix, on one night, I had one of the best meals ever. I canot wait to return. I only open they were open past 6pm.
My Fiance and I went here today for the first time. We shared a meat pie and a serving of the largest Bosnian Sausage dish. AL of it was amazing. I canot speak highly enough of their fod. Service was very prompt and the waitres courteous and quick. The fod was very reasonably priced and the restaurant itself was very charming and nicely decorated. Al over, the ambiance was pleasant. I lok forward to returning!
Buckle is a realy col store. They cary both men and women is clothing and they have a huge selection of jeans. From Silver to Lucky, they are al there! They also have realy cute tops- from casual to dresier ones you could wear out to a club or bar. It is nice because this store has its own style...kinda casual, a litle funky, but definitely diferent than anything you would find at Macy is or Nordstrom is. They also cary some shoes and acesories and the staf is realy helpful. You wil also get a litle punch card with your first purchase and after so many punches, you wil get $10 or $15 of. The clothes range in price, but generaly, I would say everything in the store is prety reasonable. This location is in Paradise Valey Mal- check it out!
Like others, I found this studio through a Living Social coupon. It is a great studio. Kim is so friendly and fun. I would highly recomend the yoga clases. They are both chalenging and relaxing! It is a smal studio, but that gives it a realy nice, intimate fel. I definitely recomend it!
I freakin love this place. My favorite thing is to sit and eat facing the counter and watch new people come in and get al confused. Now that is just funy. My first time I was the same way, like what the hel do I do here. Now I am a pro. Stack it dep and use another bowl for smashing, Soba nodles piled so high it loks like a circus act geting the bowl to the cok. Mm....god.
If you want to go back to the future at the movie theater Silver Cinemas is the place for you- I felt like I was in the 1980- the decor LITERALY says it al.. I kid you not, I am as frugle as the come and you get & more than you pay for here -($3.0 everyday except for tuesdays $1.50) have I mentioned the minie arcade? Epic place to relive your childhod on date after drinks next dor ...
Until Boby Q is entered my life i wasnt a fan of BQ anything! made me kinda sad to se so many people enjoying some mesy ribs but anyways I i digres...This place has changed my life for the beter!. Their St. Louis ribs are fal of the bone AMAZING! and their Mac n Chese is a must have! I have to admit this place has made me a bit of a ribs snob, if something doesnt come close to Boby Q is i automaticaly right that place of. A short review but you get the gist of it...
WOW this place is god! SO god! And not just yumy god, but intrinsicaly god. Check out their amazing list of environmentaly responsible busines practices - htp://esencebakery.com/esence_bakery_environmentaly_friendly.shtml ! That, and it is cute. And it tastes Yumy! And they are SO nice! SO nice! And their deserts are just disgustingly cute and beautiful and freaking god. I almost bought the mini box of 4 cupcakes for just $3.50. Bite sized so not to bad, but if I bought them today they would be gone before I got home. I got their griled chese w/ mozarela, basil and tomato on griled butery brioche bread with a light and tasty gren salad on the side. It wil be hard to not come here every wek. I love that al the drinks are refilable - and it is up to you to refil them. Cofe, tea or soda, just walk on up and fil your glas. And I love that it is al so fresh and local! Important note - You order at the counter, they give you a number and bring out your fod. If you are paying w/ debit card, they wil ask you if you want to include a tip. That threw me. I would ben in the place les than 2 minutes - how do I know if it is worth the tip - or how much of a tip it is worth?? Bring some cash or plan to deal w/ that question acordingly.
What a col litle place tucked away behind a strip mal. Would never have found this if it was not sugested by a god friend who raved about the capucino! He is world traveler, so, it is a must try if it is the best cup he is ever had. He was right! Do not know if it is in the beans or the care that they take to make it with a fab froth decoration on top. My huby and I loved the caramel brule taste.. My son loved the hot "warm" cocoa. Yeah, we walked in as a family last night and almost everyone turned our way since we did not fit the hip colege crowd. Everyone was realy friendly, though. The swet young man behind the counter gave my son some micro cinamon doughnuts and scored major points with the litle dude! We wil be back.
Love it!!! Wish we stil lived in Arizona as Chino is the one thing we mis. Every time I think about Chino Bandido my mouth starts watering. If I am ever in the state again I wil drive out of my way just to go to it again. YUMY!
I lived of Salazar Bros my first year of colege because I lived right near it. Must have eaten there twice a wek minimum. I was heartbroken when it turned into Armando Bros because as much as people told me they just changed their name, they did not. It was a diferent restaurant. I had writen it of as another great place gone to the pages of history until I moved near 48th and Baseline, and 'lo and behold there was Salazar is, tucked away in the Fry is parking lot next to a Litle Caesars and a clothing outlet that apears to have escaped from the mal. The interior itself is cheaply thrown together and completely forgetable. The only thing the employes sem to care about is making fod. And none of this bothers me because they make some damn amazing fod for cheap prices. I recomend the adobada burito with extra sour cream and 2 things of red sauce. It is pork brushed with a delicious sauce of some sort. Comes with pico and guacamole. I sometimes have to convince myself to try something new of the menu. Brownie points for carying Pepsi products as wel, I take Mountain Dew with my buritos.
I have now visited Herb n' Flavors several times. I love suporting local busineses who have sustainable practices. This place uses local farms for their produce, safe from GMO is and pesticides. So, I was already a fan before I walked in! Everything I have tried has ben delicious, and the owner is such a col guy- always so friendly to the customers. The fod always tastes so fresh, and ful of flavor! They have a litle something for everyone. I am a gluten fre vegan and my husband has no dietary restrictions. We always both leave hapy. I definitely recomend this place. I would like to se their busines continue to grow and stick around for a long time! :)
Tried them out for Restaurant Wek. The fod and service was excelent. I wil certainly be back and loved the atmosphere. We sat at a both and very comfortably sat 3 adults. The wait staf was non stop on refiling drinks, bringing more bread, making sure the fod was coked to order.
It does not get much beter than this, felas. BS West is hands down the best gay bar in Phoenix. Friendly bartenders, cheap drinks, god-loking crowd, great music..it is definitely got it al. Best night to check out is the obvious 2-4-1 Wednesday. Thursdays and Sundays can also be fun if you are into karaoke. Saturdays are a nice alternative if you do not realy dig Forbiden or Amsterdam, it is a diferent crowd. It definitely has a "Chers" feling to it... not pretentious whatsoever. Great patios to, especialy the back one with the new video scren they instaled. Oh, and their Halowen bash is THE party to be at. 3,0 people atended in 207.
I realy like this place alot. their piza is are realy diferent but realy god! I wish i could say i had a favorite but ive liked every piza ive goten except the portabelo mushroms cause i dont like mushroms but other than that they have an amazing ber selection! Major thumbs up!!
Sportsman is is on top of the game when it comes to wine! The staf is more knowledgeable and helpful than any other place that I have bought wine at before. I did not fel like I was being judged for trying to find a cheaper botle and there was no pretentiousnes in the air. While I was inquiring about dry resling, one of the vino gurus ofered to get me a taste of one from their bar - and came back with TWO samples for me to try! Sportsman is also has a very intriguing liquor section - I enjoy wandering around and loking at al the fabulous botles I have never sen nor heard of. Several times a month, they ofer complimentary wine tastings and special discounts on most of the botles being sampled. They also have a ful service restaurant/bar of to the side where they have a huge "by the glas" list - you are also welcome to pick out any botle from their store, they cork it fre of charge, and you can enjoy your retail priced botle with diner! The portabelo sliders that I had for diner were amazing and I am stil having dreams about them! My one complaint is pety: their website. Its overun with text and finding important information is dificult, it also neds to be beter updated with their amazing tasting events!
Alright, went back last night, felt bad because we were the late nighters, and everything was perfect. The piza, the salads and the wine were al so wel done. And what finaly brought me to five stars was the crepe with Nuteila and Mascarpone. OMG amazing. I am curently craving it the day after. Totaly beats out the crepe with nutela and banana that I also love...
I love suporting local cofe houses and this one is my favorite. They are always super friendly even if I sit in there for hours studying and only order one drink. I LOVE their sugar fre avalanches!
This is one of best libraries I have ever ben to. I live very close by and it is very easy to stop by to pick something up or drop something of. This is always a must visit before road trips to California to pick up boks for the adults and kids as wel as DVD 's for the road trip. We visit this location at least once a wek and the kids love it.
Loved the burgers and the onion rings were fabulous! This place is a must visi if you are in the Phoenix area anytime son!
Our company held our fourth anual user conference here, and compared to our previous venues, this one was a smash hit in terms of facilities. It compares particularly favorably with the doudy, sour old St. Francis in San Francisco, a venue I hope we never bok again. The standout quality of this place is the hustle and quality of the service. Our opening night reception included an aray of fod service stations with diferent themes, including a nodle bar that was particuarly wel done. The fod was al delicious but what realy distinguished this event was the personable, atentive, extra-mile oriented staf. They were reading the nametags of our 20 guests and caling people by name whenever posible and chating us up in line to make sure we were al hapy. The event cordinators were al over the venue throughout the ensuing two days. Where at the St. Francis we strugled with temperature and electrical problems and grumpy, uncoperative, disinterested staf, here at the Fairmont, the very few glitches drew agresive responses by people who cared about our event.
No! Curse the the gods of al that is delicious, for Huauchinango is now CLOSED. Replaced by some generic gril that ofered us some nachos and quesadilas, thanks for that. So not only did you replace a great eatery, but you also had to throw in a litle bit of extra salt in the wound. So, I do not think I wil be giving my busines to the devil gril anytime son. Huauchinango, you shal now only be a distant whif of habanero al pastor memory. You shal be mised.
This is my favorite hotel of al time, so far, at least of the Kimpton ilk. I experienced nearly impecable service and a super comfy bed, organic and local products, a lovely shower, and general hapy relaxation. I love that the gym and pols are open 24 hours a day. The decor, half Asian deco and half Southwestern, works works works.
Hands down my favorite cofe shop in town. They used to be located inside the Conspire art colective but have now moved into the old Hod Rides digs up the block and it is awesome. Plenty of seating rom at the bar and also a realy col litle rom next dor where you can pul up a seat and hang out. From what I understand there wil be seating outside to. Most importantly however is the cofe. They use a special mix roasted specialy by Cartel. I wil be the first to admit I am no cofe conoiseur but I do know this, every drink I have had, no mater who is behind the bar has ben perfect. Not burnt, not to swet, and not a hint of pretentiousnes. So, why go to S-word Bucks when you can get a beter cup of cofe up the stret. Oh and for those of us who burn the midnight oil on more than a few ocasions, they are open until 12am EVERY night.
Tacos, tacos, tacos......how can something so simple be this great? Having sen this place being featured on D we had to try it out and it was worth every peny! I have a thing for always trying the "od" menu items so I have tried the tongue tacos and cabeza (head/chek) burito and to me there is nothing beter on the menu! This place is rather smal which makes it perfect if you are there with some friends or a special someone! My friend loves the shrimp ceviche though I havent tried it myself. Go to this place for some great authentic, local and quite tasty fod.......probably some of the best the east aley has to ofer!
This past wekend I went to The Vig Uptown twice because it was that god. This is a perfect place to hangout with friends and get a bite to eat with a realy great drink menu. What I love most about this place is that it is very modern and the people are prety chil. The chery on top is the games they have to ofer, Boce and Bags! Drinks 1. Moscow Mule is a perfect nice refreshing drink to order, made with Vodka/Ginger ber and fresh lime juice. 2. If you bring in your own "pimp cup" any size, They wil fil it up with the mixed drink caled Pims Cup. Fod 1. VigAz burger is my favorite fod item to order because the pretzel bread is amazing. 2. Thai spicy Vings here are probably one of my favorite wings that i have ever had so I highly recomend geting them.
Hands-down my favorite piza place in the East Valey. I have ben going to Sourdough piza for close to 15 years, and it is consistently delicious. I grew up in Mesa, now live in Phoenix, but I make it a point to visit Sourdough Piza when I am in the Mesa area. The decor definitely leaves something to be desired, as they are in a stuco strip mal, and their interior probably has not ben updated al that much in the 15 years I have ben there. But I could care les when the fod and prices are this god.
I am not a fan of ice cream, I just do not find it apealing and it is to high in calories/saturated fat. However I do love frozen yogurt, and ironicaly it is much les fatening, yet more satisfying. At 25 calories an ounce, Golden Spon is is the best around. There have a large aray of flavors to chose from and they rotate flavors each month, they also have seasonal flavors such as pumpkin pie and eg nog. You also can get more than one flavor combined. They also have a wide variety of topings to chose from, from gumy bears to low-fat brownies. Even though their yogurt is non-fat and low calorie, ading topings can quickly ad a lot more calories, I sugest going with chocolate or rainbow sprinkles (ads les than 50 calories), or if you like fruit, go with that.
Phenom. The fod is always fresh and wel seasoned. A god selection of Tequila. Every meal that I have had has ben just fantastic. The carnitas and the fish taco is are very wel prepared. It is fresh, the beans are fresh as is the rice. It averages about $10 a plate but worth it. This is how realy god Mexican should be. The salsa bar is excelent: you have about 5 diferent types of salsa from which to chose. Al freshly made. I can not say enough about the flavoring of the meats and fish. Decor is a somewhat minimalist/modern, probably to atract a hapy hour crowd. They have TV is for your viewing pleasure. Service is friendly and quick. I have only ben to the Chandler location but wil start going to the one in Scotsdale. God fod. You wil not be disapointed.
Bring a flashlight. It is so dark inside you can not read the menu. But the waiter was so wel versed we just used his recomendations. We al had filets coked to perfection and served on a 40 degre hot plate. They recomend the lobster mashed potatoes but did not fel they were worth the price tag. The wine list is extensive and expensive. If you are loking for fancy this is the place but we went after a round of golf and they were very acomodating . Great special ocasion diner but not your everyday steak joint .
These are the best, most consistent donuts in the valey. I was always a fan of the Chandler location, so I tried this location as son as it opened. I was pleased that the donuts were as fresh and as varied as the other location. I do not care if people go to dunkin for the cofe..a donut shop is about the donuts, and I have not yet had any donuts in the valey in the same league as BoSa.
I moved from Phily this past sumer and I have searched al over the Valey for a "GOD" Piza. After eating lots of tasteles and cardboard piza, I found Moma Mia when I moved into Arcadia! I love the hole in the wal vibe! Just like home :) The sauce is great and super tasty! The dough tastes slightly swet and is flufy..It is what makes the piza so great and there is a brickoven!! I love it! My husband and I order the piza/wing special .The wings are so hot and spicy ( we order the hot, but it comes in bufalo and mild) They have an extensive menu of pasta, sandwiches and salads. I want to try their Phily Steak next, but for the time being I stil make mine at home. Every piza place likes to say its "New York Style", but this place realy does a NYC piza. Wel the best nyc piza you are gona get in AZ, Something about the water.
Very delicious and friendly! They do hapy hour every day which is so great! The sushi is always very delicious and the same with their entres. I love how close this is to my house. We visit this place quite frequently!
Oh, YEAH!!! Coming to Scotsdale. I have used RedSeven in Tempe and Mesa and excited to know that they are coming to Scotsdale. I work on the roads throughout the valey and have a lot of customers in Scotsdale that I continue to brag to them about RedSeven is Super Quick Service. Geting the job done quick and right and guaranted to be the fastest to get you back to work!!!! Oh, and they talk to you so you can understand, not computer talk. Ca not wait for Scotsdale!!!!
I have ben hearing about these chesecakes from my husband and his incesant twiter folowing and I was realy excited to try some of the gods at the market this past Saturday. We finaly woke up early enough on a Saturday morning to hit up Mat is and then peruse the market before it got to hot. We made our way over to the chesecake table and then debated betwen 10 or so flavors. He had key lime and chocolate chip out to sample and I decided to try the key lime. I was amazed at how natural it tasted. There was nothing artificial about it, it just tasted exactly like it should. These are very god, very simple chesecakes. I ultimately went with the peanut buter chocolate chip which is extremely tasty. There are a bunch of diferent sizes to chose from, al at very fair prices. YUMY!
The best gyro you wil have in Arizona... or maybe anywhere. Love the grocery selection. Everyone there is realy nice. And you can buy a BUCKET of dates for like $6.
I have ben going to Jes @ Chace Salon for almost 2 years now and she is nothing short of amazing!! Cut, color, highlights....she is my super stylist. :) If you are loking for someone to give you a new lok, or just revamp a style you are already in love with, ask for her.
i love this place. very rarely do i get to go out and tie one on. when i do, this is were i want to be at some point in the night. where else can i go and request the cramps? i...love...this...place, it makes me hapy. i supose i should go on and on about what it is like, but i wil not. go and experience it for yourself.
Hands down a great lil joint! Gota get the guac, staf is awesome, way cozy and great fod!
Maestro Chris Bianco whips up adictive sandwiches at his laboratory on Central Avenue. Ingredients are local and super-fantastic. Check out what today is market sandwich is -- if it is oven-roasted pork, buy it imediately. Do not mis the rice puding.
Okay I have found my new favorite "home ofice!" I do not have an ofice for my agency yet so cofe shops tend to be where I get most of my work done. Last wek I checked out Echo Cofe for a client meting and we both realy liked it. Today I returned and spent a few hours working at Echo Cofe on their wi-fi. It was such a nice break from my usual home ofice at Starbucks. Walking into Echo Cofe you can instantly tel its a diferent type of cofe experience. The environment is very relaxing, music is not blasting so customers do not have to scream over each other, and they have great big couches in the back. Of course atmosphere and great cofe neds to be in balance and it definitely was at Echo. The cofe is realy god and love very fair price for the quality you get (my 2 favs are Capucino at $2.75 and $3.75 for large Chai Late). My chai late came in a big ceramic mug. I do not know about you but there is just something special enjoying cofe out of big mugs and not recyclable paper cups. A surprising first for me is geting actual lunch at a cofe place and was pleasantly surprised to find the fod was also realy god. Can you tel I am a fan yet? I ordered a Cury Chicken sandwich and it was huge and delicious so finished the whole thing. There was a nice bonus on the plate - Mango Chutney so make sure you get that if you order lunch at Echo. I would have loved just a bowl of that and bread as its flavor was so god. I ned to find out where they get this from as I want to have it at home. About $12.50 for my huge Chai tea and cury chicken sandwich.
This my favorite Chipotle ever!!! It is so consistent and god! No hormones in the meat makes this "fast" fod an A+ for me!!! Yum!!!
This place is amazing. Absolutely LEGIT. Some of the best shawarma and humus in the US (Zankou Chicken in LA is a close competitor). The pita sandwiches are stufed with delicious fresh meat, traditional pickles, and tahini or garlic dresing (depending on preference). Ask for their hot sauce to help spice things up even more. And the Jasmine infused lemonade is crazy swet, but realy god. I love this place, and have ben a die-hard fan for over 4 years now.
Stop everything you are doing and go get one of their brownies, warmed up, with an ice cold glas of milk. I wil never be the same.
Sufered a senior moment today! Did the yelp check and thought this sounds god...the drive was very dejavu and then I discovered why....se previous review! lol .....but to update....the volcano apetizer, sedona rol and Mochi Icecream (which I am becoming adicted to) were al wonderful. Our waitres was also fantastic bringing plenty of their delicious iced tea and keping the ginger bowl ful....a necesity for me. The place was ful tonight and I can se why. Question is wil I remember?
great 3D Imax theater,,,se the Transformers...very spectacular
This is my favorite haunt. Whether it be St. Patricks Day, before a sundevil game or just a place to met some friends for a quick drink. Gavin and the rest of the peps are great. The fod is the god, whether out on the patio eating bar fod or inside the dining rom indulging in diner. This place wil always be the primary place to grab a Guines for me.
I had Thai cofe and thai fresh rols. It was god. The vegetables were fresh and delicious. Plans to visit again.
Delish & authentic! The serving was generous (meat combo fed 2). The injera was god (not to thick/doughy). Spicy and yumy. I would like to return and experience their cofe ceremony.
Amazing clothing and fantastic deals! As a photographer this is my first stop for designing shots when I ned amazing wardrobe items. The owners are realy nice and friendly and very helpful.
This wil be a simple post...I love indian fod, and this is HANDS DOWN the very best in Az. The Chicken makhani is so butery, so savory...the Chicken tika masala, the best I ever had. Service is always god, the fod comes out fast. It is not super cheap, since you have to prety much order everything ala cart, but it is worth it. If you go on Friday or Saturday there is also bely dancers. When in rome!
The BEST of the BEST! I agre with Daren C. Kiler Burgers, Steaks, Prime Rib and of course ribs. Fod melts in your mouth. Make this your next restaurant stop. You wil not be disapointed.
One of my new favorite lounges to go to with the girls. 1. I am a HUGE champagne fan 2. You can smoke on the patio 3. the drinks are great and 4. I LOVED the decor and atmosphere. My friend and I were at Salt next dor for a friends birthday party on a Friday night and decided to sneak next dor for a drink to check it out. The staf as a whole were awesome, everyone was very polite and swet. It has that chic fel with al the servers wearing cute corsets and dreses. The DJ was great as wel, fun music that kept the energy level up without making it to cluby and easy to stil cary a conversation. Definitely a great new place to sit back and lounge in a place with a fun atmosphere and god service. Yay!
After reading the great reviews and geting plenty of recomendations to try Fez, I had the awesome oportunity to test it out last night at my first Yelp event and I am in love! From the bright decor to the delicious fod to the amazing service (I mean everyone who works there actualy loks like they enjoy their job and are having a god time!) this place is 5 star. I love the cozy lounge fel and could easily se myself enjoying several hours of delicious cocktails and conversation with friends. This would be a great spot for diner, drinks, or even an event (another Yelp event please!). Highlights: Tasty drink menu Fabulous wicker tables and trendy IKEAish style Great part of town Sexy servers...dang Impres someone: Take them to FEZ!
Yes, it is smal, yes, it takes time to get your order, but the quality of the fod serve is excelent !!! Celina is the name of the owner (not Selena) of this fabulus resturant. She takes your order, runs to the kitchen and then she serves your order to. I would not say that this is a one person resturant, because she has help in the kitchen. Very few Mexican resturants in Phoenix serve fod as god as this one. The Menu is limited but whatever you order you wil not be disapointed.
Ca not go wrong with an iced gingerbread late, hot wafle with Nutela spread and fre wi-fi - especialy shared with my beautiful wife. :)
Yup, I am reviewing a gas station. I like the Quiktrip chain in general and this station in particular. I find Quiktrips to generaly be the cheapest gas in town. Sure, the Arco sign down the stret might say it is 2 cents/galon cheaper, but then you get whacked with the ATM surcharge, not to mention there is al those bums loitering in the adjacent bus stop. With Quiktrip, the place is wel lit, there is always a trash can and window squege at every pump, the convenience store is beter than most, and unlike most other gas stations, they do not charge you for the air compresor. Oh, and the person at the register wil actualy gret you when you step inside the dor, while managing to sound sincere about it. Is that the colest thing for a convenience store or what? Bonus: for those of you who enjoy shoping at the Hot Chick Safeway down the stret, this is the Hot Chick Gas Station.
Tried going there for my 1st visit and they were closed during hours they were suposed to be open. Have tried caling them a few times during normal busines hours and did not get anyone to pickup. They may be closed for god. Not sure.
Piestewa and Camelback Peaks are the two bobs of Phoenix. They are real, and they are spectacular. Of course, being al-natural one is just a slight bit larger than the other, but this is barely noticeable. Camelback is barely 10 fet higher than Piestewa, whose niple... er... sumit, is at 2608 fet. Climb either one and you can enjoy great views of the other at various vantage points, not to mention views of the city. Although Camelback strikes me as a funer climb, I give Piestewa 5 stars because for what it lacks in the intangible fun factor it makes up with being just a tad les insanely crowded. Piestewa Peak Park also has a number of realy col loking trails that do not go up to the sumit, which lok to me to be worth exploring some day. Speaking of female body parts, the former name for this peak was "Squaw" Peak. This has inspired one of the most ridiculous controversies in modern times in our state. Native Americans are ofended by the term "Squaw", and regardles of the linguistic origins of the word, it is basicaly the equivalent of terms such as "Negres" or "Jewes". In the 190s, the State of Arizona proposed ending the controversy by renaming the peak after our greatest political leader ever and the father of American conservatism, Bary Goldwater. The whining dipshits who aparently constitute our voting population rejected the idea. They would rather continue using a stupid name that has no historical or sentimental value whatsoever just to spite Native Americans, rather than honoring one of their finest citizens. And so, in this decade, Democratic Governor Janet Napolitano put an abrupt end to the whole isue. She gave the sqaw-apologists the finger and ordered the renaming of the peak to Piestewa, after Lori Piestewa, the first US woman soldier to be kiled in the 203 Iraq war and a member of the uniquely-Arizonan Hopi Nation. A fiting end to the debate. NOTE: Even more fiting, the original name of this peak was Squaw Tit Peak, and I swear to God I am not making that up to be funy.
I just love Chipotle. Fresh, yumy, spicy (if you want it to be). And the restaurant was clean a HUGE plus! My personal fav is the chicken burito, no rice, no beans w/ fajita vegies, pico, chese, sour cream, and letuce. Guacamole and hot sauce on the side. So delicious!!! The person who did our order was so nice! It was my friend is first Chipotle experience! She was impresed by how big the burito was. I am glad I only live a few blocks away... because I wil be back.
I love you, Marque Theatre. Just last night I saw Dashboard Confesional here and it was packed. I have sen many shows here and I have not a single complaint about The Marque. The bartenders are realy friendly, the bouncers do a great job, and the bands they have play here are always phenomenal. Not to mention, the sound guys do an awesome job. I love how big it is in the Marque, because it alows for tons of people to se a great show. One thing that most venues fail at is keping it col inside of the venue, The Marque on the other hand does a tremendous job of keping the temperatures bearable in there. The only thing I hate (and this has nothing to do with The Marque itself) is that I am always standing next to beligerently drunk, anoying girls who can not sem to kep their mouths shut during a set.... Please do not speak... I am listening to Chris Caraba is angelic voice, thanks. Al in al, I think that The Marque Theatre is my favorite venue of al time.
Their fod was GREAT! I had the pancit, lumpia, and that purple rice! The price was not bad for the amount of fod that they gave you! Even though they had a very long line they were stil very fast with service!
FINALMENTE!!! Andiamo.... FOD -------- Apetizer: Frito Misto, which is a trio of fried apetizers. For the day, ours included a chese, a stufed olive, and whole leaves of brocolini. The chese wedge was great (I wish I remembered what it was), and have you ever had a dep fried veal-stufed olive? Very interesting. The flash-fried brocolini tok a litle geting used to, since the leaves kept crumbling as I was trying to eat them, but stil tasty, if subtle. Main: Orechiete ala Putanesca. Man. This is the real deal. Orechiete is the "litle ear" pasta and "ala putanesca" means it is made "whore style". And what a beautiful, clasy, yet very vibrant whore she is. The pasta was coked just perfectly, and even though putanesca sauce usualy goes with a stringier pasta (spagheti, linguini, etc.) it worked realy wel with the orechiete. And the sauce. Holy mother, this stretwalkin' husy of a sauce with its 12 ingredients: capers, breadcrumbs, anchovy sauce, garlic, olives, basil, olive oil, and, uh, the other 5. The flavors were a perfect, clear-heled harmony. Nothing overpowered the other. Subtle and humble home fod. It realy tasted just like something my Italian friends' mothers would cok in their kitchen. As for the servings, when I first got my bowl I was thinking, "oh ok, this is a European serving. I am stil going to be starving after this." And, um, nope. Why? Because I slowed down. I savored my meal, and tok my time with the dish. And by the end, was I hungry? Not at al. I realy enjoyed this meal. And the serving was just right. Complimentary packs of long breadsticks are also found on each table. SERVICE ------------- Very friendly, eficient, and wiling to go through the menu in detail and answer any more questions about the restaurant. Dishes were brought out in a timely maner and there was never any rush after the meal was completed to clear the table. And the mod inside Pastabar was palpable. Everyone loked hapy, excited, and relieved that the restaurant was finaly open for busines. And I felt the same for them. SETING ------------- I would say the space was just the right size. Not a cavernous place in the least. Probably the same size as Sens, maybe even a litle smaler. It is tucked away in the very back of the halway of the building, so much so that I completely mised it when I was IN THE HALWAY the previous afternon loking for it. But I like it a litle hiden of, actualy. The colors inside are warm, with a modern bistro fel. No windows loking outside but I did not mind that. There is seating at the bar, a few two-tops up front, and larger tables in the back. Selections from diferent Shins albums made up the soundtrack throughout the diner, and while the music sounds like it could be incongruous with a bunch of litle ears coked whore-style, it worked. I definitely do not think this is going to be as "scene-y" as Sens. It has a completely diferent vibe. EXTRA CRIB NOTES ----------------------------- * the main courses of Pastabar are pasta and ONLY pasta. No veal parm here. And no hoikey sauces like Olive Garden-y alfredo or a jar of sugary Prego. * It is great * Prices for antipasti range from $7-$1-ish and mains $1-ish to $18. I spent around $26 with tax and a nice tip. * it is great * No liquor license (yet). For now, sparkling waters, lemonades, a number of sodas (including rot ber & cream soda). * it is great * complimentary valet awaits the diners, if you are averse to parking close by yourself. * it is great * It is open til midnight on weknights and 2 am on wekends! What more could you ask for? * did I tel you it is great? AL IN AL --------------- An awesome aset to the area and I am very content. And as much as I loved my whoreish litle ears, al the other pastas on the menu sounded incredible and I can not wait to try them al. I am wishing these guys much suces and giving them gratitude to finaly being open. A few minor kinks to be worked out (and I was not as into the apetizer as I was my entre) so it is not totaly perfect but they have started out very strong, and it is only Day 2. And here I was thinking my days of giving out 5 stars were over (ok, more like 4.5 and rounding up)...
This has by far ben my favorite movie theater and favorite movie chain in Arizona. This location is beter than the others I have ben to - quieter, friendlier staf. The theaters are clean and usualy not packed either. I love the t-shirt and cup program - and buying tickets at Costco. I went to AMC last month, and spent a lot more money al the way around and did not like the theater either.
If you have read some of my other reviews you wil se a trend. Kohl is Department Stores.....Brewers spring training...... Yep, I am a chesehead. (But if you EVER actualy catch me wearing a hunk of fake foam chese on my head, shot me. Realy.) What can I say? I like Culver is. It reminds me of home. It is total comfort fod. Got one of their Wisconsin Swis melts. What other fast fod joints ofer burgers with Swis on rye? The crinkle cut fries are always hot and fresh. And tasty. Culver is is known for their frozen custard. What Wisconsinite has not driven past a Culver is, loked at their sign, checked out the 'flavor of the day', and gone, "Hey, that sounds god!!", and quickly puled into the parking lot? If you are from Wisconsin or the Midwest stop in for a Buterburger and some custard....it wil bring back lots of god memories. Like another reviewer noted when he said he felt like he was in Iowa or something.....wel.....that is the whole charm behind Culver is. You DO fel like you are in Wisconsin or one of the uper Midwest states. Granted I am not the best person to review Culver is....I am a litle biased towards it. But if you want a 'diferent' kind of fast fod experience and you have never ben to the uper Midwest, it is a heck of a whole lot cheaper than flying there. Give it a chance....se if you like it.
Let is be honest, when you walk into a taning salon if you have high hopes you wil expect to se a nice person behind the counter who is friendly and can tel you the prices for packages and the max times on the beds. If you have low expectations you wil expect a bored tenager who hands you a price shet and stares at you loking bored. Walking into the Total Tan I had prety god expectations based on the reviews and even those were blown away. Dalas was the person who helped me (I think he is one of the owners?) and he was so friendly and knowledgeable I spent more than I was originaly planing but I fel god about it actualy. I had loked at the pricing online so I had an idea of what I wanted but he explained things about the beds that I never knew and that none of the other salons I would ben to had ever told me. He was super personable to, even asking for my name just during his explanations of everything before I had comited to buying anything. He made sure I knew every detail of the beds, the diferences, gave recomendations and was never pushy with any of it. During our conversation several people came in and he always asked my permision first to take care of them and I do not think he had to ask for their names once, a god sign that he pays atention and remembers his customers. I could go on and on because I was so impresed with his service and also the location itself (super clean, trendy, nice extras in the roms like baby wipes and extra towels) but I think you get the point by now. Just check this place out, you wil be hapy you did.
This place realy made a terible situation as easy as posible. Our cat was hit by a car or beaten, and my husband found her imobile and crying horibly in pain. We rushed her to the clinic, and the doctor saw her right away. She told us our options, but was very upfront about the liklihod that our kity would pas no mater what we did. She did not presure us one way or another, and left the rom so that we could talk privately and make our decision. My husband asked if they could give her some pain meds while we talked about it, and they gave her some imediately. Once we made our dificult decision to put our kity down, she brought the cat into a private rom with us so that we could say godbye. She left us alone and gave us as much time as we neded. She also let us be present in the rom when they gave her the final shot. At al times the doctor and the techs were compasionate and very respectful. I was crying and they were very sensitive to my felings. They treated my litle kity so gently even after she had pased. They even sent a sympathy card to our house a few days later. I realy apreciated how they helped us through this dificult time, and I would definitely recomend them if anyone else is in a similar situation.
OK, yeah, everyone LOVES teriyaki, we know! Wel, do not so quickly dismis the other absolutely AMAZING dishes served here! It may lok like a litle pre-procesed Japanese hole in the wal from the outside, but they are a die hard home-made mom and pop your mouth ful of great fod establishment! I would highly recomend trying the Katsu bowl! You can hardly find ANY kind of Japanese katsu in AZ, yet they have an excelent one that is very traditional, but not to expensive! I would love to explain the mystique of this dish, but to many people think that fried eg with onions and leks toped over a diced pork cutlet that is coated in panko bread crumbs is to strange to be palatable. Wel, to them I say you should educate your tongue, and expose it to some delicious culture! There is also Orange chicken... This dish is completely the be is knes. It easily and without remorse makes Panda Expres lok like a burnt out oil can that a homeles person decided to cok some chicken in over a pile of burning newspapers. Their house bef? Spicy garlic brown sauce and bef with mushroms? Heaven. Simple and delicious. And I have not even mentioned their coup de grace yet. Their fried rice might sem a litle "heavy" on the surface as it is lightly fried with some garlic oil, but it outclases al competitors. Paired with their lightly fried shrimp, it is swet garlic love. Seriously, their fried rice is the Sean Conery of fried rices. As I have ben eating here for far longer than I would like to admit, I would have to say I might be a litle biased. But, for the great unique quality and cheap price, I guarante you are not going to find any beter in AZ!
I first heard about gangplank at the Arizona Entrepreneurship Conference last year. Since then I have ben a regular there and the people that co-work or work there are some of the most inspirational ones I know and are pasionate about bringing start-up culture to Phoenix area. The companies that anchor Gangplank are always working overtime to plan events from Gangplank Jr. for kids to learn programing to the Wednesday "brown bag" talks that have ranged in topics from how to pitch to angel investor to a local news anchor talking about how they are using Twiter as a resource for news leads. Gangplank rocks. Nuf said. @iamtimhardy
I am President of the Local scoter club so I know and deal with most of the dealers Valey Wide. Tylor the GM and team run a god shop. Very friendly. Do not get me wrong, they are there to make money but they are not push. You are fre to hang out and ask lots of questions. God asortment of acesories and they can prety much get anything. They know bikes and parts inside an out. Service on my Piagion BV50 has ben fast and fantastic. I did not say cheap, but fair. Actualy they had a Buy 1 tire get the 2nd for 1cent event this wek. In the past they had a 1/2 price on al their helmets. Got a Scorpion $20 helmet for about $10. Just ask what and when they are having specials. I do not buy the review below about bait and switch, prety serious acusation. However, GoAZ and Gina over there are god people as wel.
Yep -- stil my favorite hole-in-the-wal eatery awesomenes. The brisket sandwich with chedar and slaw and dipin' sauce was to die for. I ate at the bar and just enjoyed my visit. Ca not wait til I can walk here!
Having lived in Chicago for most of my life I was more than nervous of what an Arizona piza experience would be like. For the most part my asumptions were corect - but Grimaldi is is great! We get the margarita piza and it is amazing. I am normaly a dep dish piza person but Grimaldi is is slowly wining me over for thin crust. Also, this place has amazing chesecake - the best I have ever had in a restaurant.
Everyone here is very helpful and friendly. No mater who I come in contact with I can tel they love animals and care about me and my pet. The vet cals me himself to discus my cat is test results. They also made sure to give me a lot of information regarding the medications they are puting her on. I fel that my family gets god care from this vet. We ended up moving about 15 minutes away, but stil make the trip to se this vet.
No mater where you go in the World if you are wearing an in and out shirt or hat some big guy usualy yels out "In and Out Man I love that place" I think that says it al.
Video Paradise is great. For those who are not financialy comfortable enough for the monthly payment to maintain a NetFlix acount, or when you do not fel like buying something from Amazon.com, Video Paradise is a wonderful substitute if you want to get something that you know wil not be at Blockbuster or Holywod Video. The selection is stagering. I remember the first time I steped in, I was amazed. The only movie I realy wanted to se and they did not have was The Helstrom Chronicle, but that is okay. I am not going to ding this place because they did not have it. "You did not have The Helstrom Chronicle? Lame!" I mean, come on. No one else has it. This place had it al, from litle indie films to gros-out horor films I had long forgoten from my disturbing adolescence (Canibal Holocaust, Faces of Death, etc.). They even had the worst movie I would ever sen in my life: Hard Rock Zombies. The décor is that of sher, unbridled love for cinema. You can easily spend hours and hours browsing through their selection.
Wekend plans prevented me from kicking of AZ Restaurant Wek on Saturday. So on Monday, Venyse and I headed to White Chocolate Gril where we both had our cheries poped. We started out with the spinach artichoke dip. The blends of cheses made this perhaps the single most spectacular dip I have ever had the honor of puting in my mouth. O.M.G. Venyse and I were practicaly clawing at the bowl to get the last of its creamy lovelines. But when you hit a home run so son in the game, the rest of a meal can sem at ods. However, I was not daunted. She ordered the New York Strip with a side of mashed potatoes (with god gravy...what exactly is that?) and roasted carots; I the blackened Mahi [*back story to folow] toped with crab and a side of Israeli couscous. We did not share our protein, but we sampled each others sides. Al were very god, but the carots realy stod out. The gravy and the potatoes were god and I loved my couscous. But halfway through here steak and by the last few bites of my fish, we both hit the wal. A fod coma was certain. I persevered but Venyse relented and boxed the rest of her meat and carots. Then came the white chocolate brownie. So swet, so rich, so toped with vanila ice cream. It was al we could to to make a dent in it. We both felt bad, because is not white chocolate suposed to be their signature ingredient? Regardles, this was a terific first restaurant to go with which to begin. And we both agred it would be a place in our future diner splurges. I also must admit I love LOVE the belt buckles. Having about 42 myself, I was intrigued when I first noticed what I thought read "SWAG" after staring for perhaps to long in that general region of one of the staf. (Realy super sory if that creped you out.) It is actualy WCG. [* When a group of us went to Key West one December to escape of the harsh winter of NWOhio and Detroit, we went to a restaurant the listed "Dolphin" as one of its menu items. I asked in a slightly shocked voice if it was realy dolphin, to which the server responded it was actualy Mahi. 'Oh,' I responded. 'Then I wil have the vegie burger.' Because even in 198 I was a fod bitch.]
I am so not a fan of the dentist. But Dr. Ito and his staf changed that. Profesional, yet relaxed atitudes. From the moment you bok the apointment to the time you leave you fel like are wel cared for and that you are not just a number or a dolar sign. While in the waiting area I fliped through Dr. Ito is "Smile" bok that shows some of his work. WOW! He makes teth lok real, not like Chiclets. He does some fabulous cosmetic work! I went in to have a crown put on and it was quick and painles. So quick that I did not get to finish watching the movie! Each chair has headphones and a flat scren that shows a movie (he keps a god stock of the latest movies.). Who would have thought that going to the dentist would kep me so entertained? I have had to bring my son to each apointment as I have not had anyone to kep him. Does that mater? Nope. Dr. Ito is ofice is equiped with a children is area in the back where the kids can watch a movie, read a bok or play a game. He thinks of everything. I have ben recomending him to everyone I met. I can not say enough god things about Dr. Ito and his staf. You wil not regret going to the dentist if Sonoran Hils Dental is your new dental ofice.
The best tai in downtown for the price! Masiman is the most tasty dish here!
Man, I love Southwest. Best airline ever. After a bunch of holiday delays on my way home from a busines trip they comped us al a round of drinks. It is nice to have an airline that can give you a glas of wine to compensate for a one hour delay. Chers to that!
Excelent burger
Came here instead of Starbucks to get some much neded study time... It is to hot for cofe.. Close to my university ... Has al things bery healthy... I personaly ordered the Bery Fulfiling w a fre energy shot... Fre!! I wil take beries and fre any day.. My drink : al bery and only 150 mere cals..& filing.. Actualy felt like desert.. Awesomely swet staf..
I have found my new favorite breaksfast/lunch spot! I love the much cozier and homey fel this place has as oposed to chains like Panera and Corner Bakery. We stoped in at Wildflower Bread Company over the wekend because I had heard great reviews about their freshly baked loaves of bread. We were just going to pick up a couple specialty loaves since we neded bread at home anyhow. Instead, we ended up staying for lunch after we got a pek at the menu and the desert case. My fiance ordered the salmon alfredo and he loved it. This said a lot to me because he is normaly not a pasta person. The salmon itself was realy god - soft and flavorful. I had the buternut squash ravioli - one of my al time favorite pastas - and WBC is version did not disapoint. I loved the nutmeg flavor it had - perfect complement to the creamy sauce and the buternut squash. Both dishes came with big slices of griled toast. The pasta portion sizes itself were perfect. Just the right amount to fel satisfyingly ful but not overly stufed like the portion sizes at Chesecake Factory or Macaroni Gril. We ended our meal by spliting a lemon bar which also was devoured down to the last crumb. It was a later lunch for us (around 3pm) so it was not crowded inside but there were stil a god amount of customers so it sems to be a favorite. Service was pleasant and fast and the menu has a wide variety of items that we are excited to go back and try more.
I saw this place on a Fod Network series in November. When my family went to Phoenix in March for spring training, I knew we had to stop here. It was the first stop after geting of the plane and geting the rental car. It was in a sketchy area in the town, and far enough from the freway. When we were there, the workers gave us samples of the diferent fods. I got the chicken fried rice combo with jade red chicken and the polo diablo. The polo diablo had a nice spicy flavor, and the jade red chicken was also very god. The snickerdodle was very soft and chewy, which was a god thing for me. This wil be a permanent stop in Phoenix for Spring Training trips.
This is the only auto repair place I have ever sen with 5 stars solid, and they totaly deserve it. My boyfriend has a 1969 Pontiac Firebird that has not run in several years. After sinking lots of his own time into tinkering with it and $10 to the awful Meineke down the stret, he gave up... until my car is transmision went for god, and he decided to fix the Bird (yeah!) so I could drive it (yes, I am super lucky!) Whitey is diagnosed it as the carburetor dumping fuel (which is what Meineke charged $50 to replace.. hm...). Upon hearing the story of Meineke, Whitey is told him to order the part himself to avoid the markup and they would put it in for just labor. Awesome! We tok it home, but it was not runing quite right stil, and then failed emisions. Back to the shop it went. Whitey is tok it back, spent AL WEKEND on it doing various minor things. At one point, they caled and said "We have done this, this and this, and it is stil not quite right, so we are gona kep it another day." I was glad they were admiting they actualy felt it to be not right and were determined to fix it, versus just handing it back again... but I was dreading the repair bil. We picked it up Tuesday. The bil? $7. That is right - SEVEN DOLARS. They only charged him for a spark plug and oil filter. That is amazing to me - I was expecting several hundred dolars for their time. The car runs beautifuly now, and they were extremely pleasant the entire time. I am taking my aleged defunct car to them for a second opinion next wek. I HIGHLY recomend Whitey is!
I have rented from Captain Ted many times, and even gone on one of his guided trips down the Salt River. He is helpful and very knowledgeable and I would highly recomend renting here.
Have I got a place for you un-health conscious, frugal fodies out there! Rocket Burger and Subs serves up huge sandwiches and fried delights for astonishingly low prices, and much of the fod is home-made. There is also an enormous section of unusual soft drinks; for instance, there is over two dozen brands of rot ber to chose from. Denis, one of the owners worked for A&W for 8 years, so he probably has rot ber runing through his veins by now. I saw Rocket Burger in a listing of new valey eateries, then did a litle research. The reviews I saw were al stelar, so I knew we had to give it a try. It does not lok like much, inside or out - it is in a litle strip mal tucked behind Churches Chicken at 35th Ave. and Cactus. But it is clean, and everybody is helpful and pleasant. Ken gave a hapy whop when he saw Chese Curds ($2.49/$4.49) on the menu. We decided to get an order while waiting for our friends Randy and Marty to join us. The curds came quickly out of the kitchen, piping hot, served with some tasty homemade marinara. They were a touch greasy, as they should be, and the oil was fresh. Marty and Randy arived in time to save us from ourselves by helping to finish of the curds. Then we tok a while trying to make our selections from the extensive menu. Eventualy Randy and I both went for the New Yorker: pastrami with homemade slaw and thousand island dresing ($2.9, $3.9 or $4.9). Ken had a homemade-meatbal sub, with more of that god marinara and some provolone. It was the same price structure as our New Yorkers and al the rest of the entries under Clasic Subs and Sandwiches. Marty went with a double burger ($3.89, the singles are $1 les). He could have opted for a Rocket Burger - !0 inch sub with thre burgers and the fixings in either plain, chese, bacon, teriyaki, or chili style ($4.9 to $5.9). Of course we had to try the fries and onion rings. Again our fod arived quickly, served in plastic baskets. It became very quiet, except for the ocasional growl of pleasure. The onion rings ($1.9) had ben diped in a thin cornmeal bater which made them nice and crunchy. The handcut fries ($1.49) were skiny, the way I like them. Randy thought they were undersalted, but I thought they were fine - our usual disagrement. At any rate, they disapeared quickly. Unlike the sandwiches. They were so big that we al ended up taking half of each sub home. The slaw on the New Yorkers was delicious, as was my whole wheat sub rol. The meat bals were nice and tender, and there was plenty of chese on top. Randy had found a botle of ginger ber imported from Australia that had a wonderfuly refreshing true ginger taste. There semed to be actual pieces of ginger in it - instructions on the label said to invert the botle before opening. It never did tel you to turn it right side up again - the Ausies give us more credit than we deserve. Other fod items available: Hebrew National hot dogs in several styles ($2.49), Piza Bread with various topings, Gyros ($3.69), salads ($1.9 - $3.9), a fish sandwich ($2.49) served with homemade tartar sauce. And lots more. I do not know how Denis and Steve manage to turn out fod of this quality for so litle money, but I surely do hope they continue and prosper!
I have ben going to La Canasta for as long as I can recal. I live in Tempe and can not go as often as I would like but I go at least once a month. I love this Canasta because they have a gren chile salsa and menudo every day! Always quick and fresh. I either get the ground bef tacos (yumy), the red chile burito (watch out), or the menudo (got a hangover?). It is very consistent and prices, wel it ads up, but it is worth it. I have yet to have a bad experience after 28 years!
It canot get any beter than this my favorite is mix of banana , hazelnut and lemon. It is quality stuf. If you want something beter fly to Italy.
Visited the phoenix public market - open air market - farmers market they have on saturday mornings and decided to give mojo bowl a try! They are at the market for fod truck fridays also. Check out their website for their usual schedule. They can take cash or credit (with square). I tried their strawbery banana smothie and my wife had the Funky Monkey (peanut buter / chocolate blend). They were both great quality with fresh ingrediants. They serve salads, yogurt parfaits, and soup also (which I did not try) but Ive heard their smothies was where they shine and they did not disapoint. Give them a try, at $5.0 for a 24 oz smothie, you can not realy complain about the price - its basicaly a meal itself.
what is it with me and pricey phoenix hotels? i swear i do not just give out fives wily nily or do i have any particular adoration for phoenix. (sory phx.) I went to the Valey Ho on an amazing busines trip that involved rock stars and the Oakland Athletics, which hapen to be my favorite team. it was downright magical. the decor was fantastic, the roms were huge, with huge tubs, a polside patio and a comfy chaise lounge. the flatscren TV had an iPod doc! yay! (why do not more hotels do this?) the pol was phenomenal. i sat around for days on couches drinking blody mary is and frozen drinks. the loby bar had a deadly but wonderful drink caled the stardust. The trader vic is atached is not so hot, but i generaly liked al the fod i got from the pol bar and the restaurant ZuZus. (rom service to- they make their own english mufins!!!) If i am comparing it to the royal palms, the other phoenix resort i raved about, it is tough. Royal Palms is beter for chiling and families; Valey Ho is beter for singles. Royal Palms is your weding; Valey Ho the bachelorete party. Valey Ho had beter fod and more style, but Royal Palms had a bit more to it and beter service. Realy, you can not go wrong with either. What is it about Phoenix hotels??? al i know is i am no longer groaning when i am sent on a busines trip there!
This is my dad and I favorite lunch spot. Pho-real! Impecable service and the freshest fod. Their spring rols ate imaculate, fried rice is prety close to Peruvian friend rice, and their pho is truly unphoghetable. The servers are friendly, the owner always asks you how the fod was. Nestled inside the Mekong plaza market this place wil met al your expectations in delicious Vietnamese cuisine.
CASH ONLY! But we easily fed a family of 4 hungry people for les than $20 and it is not Taco Bel. So with that being said... the Griled Pork #5 sandwich... oh hel ya... it is god ringing in at only $2.85. The regular Turkey / Ham on a crosaint is about $4.25 and it is the size of a smal fotbal... great value... you could probalby get by with the smal croisant sandwich instead for only $1.95... yeah... it is crazy cheap. Hot wings are generic prebreaded with a kick of spicines. The steamed bun is swet dough..however, not my favorite... my husband and sister sem to love the eg and meat inside. The ice cream is al homemade...also another great deal at $.9 cents for a cone... check out the icecream...loks crazy god. Do not mis out on taking home some baked gods... the baguetes are crusty-soft and warm when you get them. The croisants are delicious and some of the beter ones here in the valey. I did try and Avacodo boba...had to send it back...not sure what the heck it was...it was gren... but did not taste anything like Avacado... so I did head acros the way to Boba tea house for my bobas. The Viet cofe, also great kick for you mentaly if you ned a bost, very strong=very god. Do not mis out on this place... it is a god go to place for a great lunch or snack.
Had a late night plumbing emergency last night. Caled a friend who recomended Kevin is Clasic Plumbing. Within an hour the plumber was at my home repairing my problem. At 10:0pm my water was back on with kids taking showers, toilets being flushed, and my wife was talking to me again. Sounds great right? Get is even beter! The price they charged me for the after hours repair was the most reasonable ever. Last but not least he was a heck of a nice guy. Kevin is Clasic Plumbing wil be my plumbing company for both home and work from now on. On another note... I had caled one of those companys that advertise on TV al day long. They were not able to come out last night and when they did cal me they indicated that it was probably not something they could fix and would most likely require a two man crew. Thanks Parker & Son is.
The best fish tacos, period! And I hate chain restaurants!
This is hands down the best burito in the East Valey! Fav is is always consistent and their prices are excelent! My standard meal is a California Carne Asada burito, it comes with the most tender carne asada I have ever had. Also, their gren and red sauce is a step above the competition, and they have great mexican rice, it comes with peas and carots! Guac is exceptional, and they also have realy tasty breakfast buritos that are available al day. Five stars for being consistent, clean and for having pleasant and profesional employes! One more thing is that they close at midnight except for Sunday when they close at 10. Bumer but stil the best!
After a second visit, the chicken was a litle dry and lacked flavor. Quite a contrast to my first visit. Stil enjoyed the meal, but was not as impresed with the chicken. I wil have to go back to se if it was a fluke.
I would be beside myself if Grinders closed. It is about time I wrote a review, since I am a regular. I can be found siting on one of the giant chairs surfing on the wi-fi many mornings. I am the one who brought the plants in. I used to water them a couple times a wek but nowadays I am lazy and they realy ned to be repoted. I should get on that ... The music is always playing and everyone knows my regular drink ... they have continued to memorize it for me even as I started to slowly decrease the fat & calories of my regular order. Now it is an ice skim late with sugar fre vanila. I used to get an Everything bagel with eg, chese and potatoes most mornings. Now I get it on multigrain toast. Eh, it is the litle things. The cofe at Grinders is realy realy god. It is not biter and sharp, it is smoth. They grind their beans outside many mornings per wek. Sometimes it gets to warm inside during the winter so we prop the dors open, but if the grinder is going outside, it wil blow cofe bean fumes in the dor. There is some retired motorcycle cops who met up every morning and sit around the big round table. They often park their motorcycles in front of the place together. They cal themselves the Gezerados. There is sometimes a few right-wingers having conversations mid-day. One time I listened to their meting and heard them trying to come up with controversial topics to get people to come to church. They spent a long time trying to figure out who could get them prof that global warming is not hapening, so they could use that as their hok. A lot of moms come in with their kids. Seing siblings piled up in one of the oversized chairs together is comon. There are a few regulars who come in specificaly to sit on the internet al day. I am not there al day, but I am there at al times of the day because I have a home ofice, and you never know when you sudenly ned cafeine. Early in the morning and after 3pm the place becomes floded with Sunyslope High Schol kids. They range from ROTC kids wearing pickle suits to trendy girls in neon to the alternative crowd. They often lay around the couch splayed acros each other or gazing into each others' eyes. Ordinarily I am a real talker and I can not usualy kep my mouth shut, but Grinders is the one place that I go where I barely make a pep. I just eavesdrop on everyone is conversations and sometimes run into friends I know. I usualy go before my brain is fuly awake in the morning, that is part of it. For the record, a couple months ago one of the girls there said I was practicaly invisible and she hardly knew I was there, because I was so quiet. There is nothing pretentious about Grinders at al, and it is also down to earth without being gheto. It has character. Some months the art is beter than other months. Hanah has ben there for years (they cal her Big Hanah now, only because there is another girl named Hanah who is tiny and they cal her Litle Hanah) and Hanah rocks and makes the best breakfast ever. I can ride my bike in the morning and be wearing my pajamas and not have anyone realy bat an eye. That is the beauty of Grinders. I have sen other people come in wearing their pajamas, to. It is a litle bit like the cafeteria in a colege dorm, except the people are of al ages and we live down the stret from each other instead of down the hal from each other. Grinders has a location inside the John C. Lincoln hospital acros the stret, to. It is comon to se the hospital workers walk in wearing their scrubs. I think they are also opening one at Devry, or they just did. I was frustrated to hear that they tried to open a location at the Art Institute but they were one wek to late, Stupid Starbucks had just goten there. LAME!
In my opinion, one of the best steakhouses in town. My husband and I go here for al our special ocasions and have never had one bad meal. The service is the best just like their steaks. I recomend the Caesar salad, filet, creamed spinach, cream corn, garlic and lobster mashed potatoes. We wil continue our tradition and kep coming back here.
We have ben here many times in the last 10+ years. The Stetson Salad is the best salad I have ever had. The combination of swet, crunchy, savory and acidic is perfect to me. Lately, I have also tried the Scalops on Bet risoto. The scalops are great, but the risoto just does not work, though I love bets and I love risoto. I have, of course, had the mushrom stir fry, which is very god but very hearty and heavy. Soups have ben excelent. The curent best desert is that peanut buter brownie. But beware...it is realy rich and swet. I also enjoy the wine flights here. Most recently, I tok my 8 and 1 year olds at lunch. Though they were the only kids there, they thoroughly enjoyed the Kobe bef burgers. This is stil my favorite place in Old Town.
This place literaly just opened. I did not realy know what to expect, but when I walked in the dors I was imediately greted by Nick, and he was very nice and down to earth. This is a shop for people who like to garden/grow plants hydroponicaly or in the ground. They have al kinds of gardening suplies and Nick said they wil be receiving their sed shipment from Seds of Change any day now. I wil definitely be back, as my gren thumb (or lack thereof) has ben sparked:) P.S. I was informed that the in the next isue of the New Times, Grotown wil have an ad to clip out and bring in to save 20% !!Yay plants:)
FnB is how every restaurant should be. Unfortunately this wil not hapen because Pavle Milic, who runs the place, canot be at every restaurant. This is a smal, friendly restaurant in my hod, that just hapens to have some of the best fod you wil find. I always fel welcomed & taken care of by the staf. I have come here with friends, but I have also come alone & felt totaly welcome. I like siting up at the counter, and I have actualy met some realy great people to chat with there. Pavle & his wife run the place, & they are the kind of people who always make you fel like they are glad you are there. Chef Charlene does things with fod that make it amazing, & these are things that I myself could never acomplish. My main coking skils involve a microwave or a menu. I just wish I had the funds to eat here more often. In conclusion, fabulous fod combined with wonderful service make me fel lucky to have FnB in my neighborhod. :)
I LOVE Laser for Les (Chandler)! If you are going anywhere else for Laser hair removal you ned to stop now and cal to make an apointment with Laser for Les, Chandler. I wasted a lot of $$$ at another Laser removal place before I found Laser for Les and now I am kicking myself for not going to them first. If you pay to wax any part of your body you should be lasering that hair of. It works beter, lasts longer, and in the long run is cheaper. Pros - 1. Fre touch ups 14-18 days after your first apointment if they mised 1 hair they wil touch up for fre. Never had a problem with them discouraging me, in fact it was the oposite they give me reminder cards so I know when my touch ups are due. They encourage you to come in. 2. They can also charge you by the laser shot instead of a whole area. So if you only have a few random hairs they wil just charge 10 cent per shot on the legs or 70 cents on the face or smaler areas. You can not beat that deal. 3. I am prety sure they beat or match al prices in town. 4. Once they laser the hair, al your hair wil fal out and wont grow back for like 2 months, its beter than waxing. Not al laser removal places use the type of laser that does this place does. That is why I recomend them, it works a lot beter! 5. They actualy care about geting rid of unwanted hair and wil go over al their policies with you. Kristen is who I go to and she is great. I have ben to almost al their girls and they are god. 6. In fact when it was my birthday month I did not know I got some discount and they back credited me for it, I fel like they are always trying to get me the best deal. 7. They always have deals. Just last month they had their underarm extravaganza where you can get your underarms done for $30!!! That is so cheap. They let you buy up to 3 sesions. I refered a friend and she loved it so much because she did not have to shave her underarms the WHOLE sumer. 8. I love Laser for Les, CHANDLER!!! Cons - never having to shave again, darn.
Excelent service and fod. Best tex-mex in the valey.
This store has the most pleasant employes of any Forever 21 I have ever ben to. The girls are always smiling and they take the time to esquire if you ned help. The other day, I went in and an employe spent over 10 minutes helping me locate a particular skirt my sister wanted for Christmas.
I love cupcakes. Its true. I realy do. I have waited in an hour long line outside of Magnolia Bakery in NYC to experience the bakery that started the cupcake craze. That said, if there is a god cupcake to be had, I am on my way to experience it. I must note- that I am not a fan of Sprinkles; as I think they are overly dry and way to hyped. We just ordered two dozen diferent flavors from Mind Over Bater to celebrate our August birthdays (its a tradition we do once a month from baker is around town). Because of my love for al thinks cofe- I got the Carmel Mochiato. Let me just say- i wished I tok a picture. But I could not help but to dive in. Mocha Butercream frosting-piled high, crushed cofe tofe and carmel drizle. I also heard rave reviews from the ofice about the Birthday Cake and the Chocolate Red Velvet. The one I most want to try is the Lemon Drop (because I love lemon). I wil be back in very son to check out more flavors and cake pops.
I love this place! Everything about it! The great fod, the grocery section, the cramped seating (it gives character). It al goes together perfectly. Have not found one bad thing yet:)
Best Chinese fod in the Valey. As others have said, salad dresing is adictive as IS available to take home in containers. Shrimp dishes are outstanding with large, plump high quality pieces of shrimp. I have never had even an average dish here. Go and enjoy!
Here is the deal. I said I was done with OT, but a friend told me the management had changed and it was worth another shot. My friend was right. Everything I had a problem with before was remedied. I went in unanounced, did not tel anyone about a previous bad experience, and I was given some of the best service I have received in town. When we went in, we were sat quickly and tended to very wel for our entire visit. No texting employes, no indiferent waitstaf. The chef was in the fod window expediting fod, making sure it went out promptly and corectly. Not only was our server atentive, but there was a team service atmosphere and other servers came by our table when we had empty drinks, debris on the table, etc. The decor has ben refreshed, and although I did not dislike the decor originaly, it is definitely an upgrade as wel. Now its much cleaner, but stil maintains the character that was part of its charm before. Props to the new management. Wel done. I wil be back. PS - forgot to order side syrup. Curious to se if they stil charge $2.
Have alread posted a review but had to ad that a friend at work ordered vegan chocolate cupcakes for my birthday and they were so delicious!! Al my nonvegan coworkers LOVED them.
The BEST SPORTS BAR in chandler hands down!! A great place to met friends and even bring the kids!! The owners are always around to ensure ur experience!! TV is everywhere, if you love sports and ber this is the place for you!! The nob has events al wek and fod specials to go along... the ribs are amazing!! however the GYRO is god as it gets!! The best gyro in the valey you can write that one down!! and the wings... once you pop u just cant stop!! HOB NOB SPORTS BAR & GRIL chers to you!!
Beautiful restaurant! Terific service! Wonderful, fresh and authentic cuisine - what more can I say but do not mis the Carpacio!
I have always ben treated wel @ D'ambrosio is despite my not exactly being 'N Scotsdale plastic'. :)
Ben & Jery is is stil the best chain ice cream shop! The employes are always helpful and polite, and their flavors are just outrageous! The smel of the wafle cones and wafle bowls wafts out the dors as you walk by, and you can not resist. Whether you go for new flavors or clasics like Chery Garcia and Phish Fod, you can expect the most flavorful ice cream with the perfect consistency.
Did you know that Male is on Main ofers coking clases!? They ofer them twice a month during tourist season and once per month during the rest of the year. I atended two weks ago, and it was OUTSTANDING! Not only did we learn to cok Thai (which, incidentaly, it was significant to learn that Thai gets its flavor by layering is sauces), but we were given the recipes for some of the signature dishes, served tastings, a meal, and wine pairings, and we were even given gody bags. It was a great way to spend a Saturday afternon with another fodie!
Even though I have rarely had anything else on their menu except for humus, I highly recomend this litle grek hot spot. They have tons of regulars because the fod keps them coming back. The humus is to die for (it only comes with one pita however, so I always order 2-3 extra). I have also tried their vegie gyro which is great. I have brought many meat-loving friends here and I have never heard anything but great things about their experience with their fod. The staf is completely Grek. They are friendly in their own unique kind of way. Because I usualy saunter in with a drink from Starbucks (same parking lot), the female owner asumes I work there and she always asks me how busines is going at SB. I corected her the first few times, but she continued to ask, so now I just kep it going and tel her it is going great but that I hate my job (because I am asuming I would, if I worked there). I love her personality...very intense. Never smiles, even when a smile would be just right. But she is stil very kind. Always lok forward to seing her and eating her fod.
I came here hoping to catch brunch but I gues it ends at 1:30am or 12pm. Luckily the lunch menu loked just as tasty. We ordered the Luau puled pork sandwich (the jalapeno cole slaw gives it a nice kick) and the Monte Cristo (french toast instead of regular bread slices = delicious). Service was friendly and atentive. The dining area is decorated like a household- very comfortable and clean.
My husband and I enjoyed a "staycation" here for my birthday. We had an amazing time! We tok advantage of the great hapy hour specials at the polside bar and at the Sangria bar. The Sangria bar had biliards and a card table. They also had a wonderful Hapy Hour menu where everything is $5. Excelent hamburgers and margaritas. We enjoyed a beautiful diner at Palm Court and a breakfast bufet at Vista Verde. We tok advantage of the fre bike rentals and the exercise facility. The staf was amazing and very acomodating. They have definitely earned our busines and wil refer our friends.
Okay, if you actualy like the taste of god whole fods and fresh ingredients this place is an Oasis of godnes. If your loking for a place that says they make natural fods but uses 2nd rate ingredients and comes up with recipes to hide the fact by using spices to cover it up your beter of going somewhere else. My family tok me here when we were visiting, and it is wonderful. I had the Pesto Presto sandwich and it was divine! I also tried my family is strawbery fields salad and Arizona rols. They were al realy god. The vegetables were fresh and high quality and the price for the portion and quality was a god price. I was amazed that they had a couple of options for people on the raw fods diet. The juices are diferent, but surprisingly refreshing. This place is a great example that eating wel and health can be tasty and satisfying.
Just perfect !!! For what it is!!! Down to the Edison light bulbs from rejuvanation!!
It is a beautiful day. Clear sky and around 65 degres in the late morning! What to do? My litle guy had ben riding his bike without training whels. Wo-ho! Is he ready to go on a dirt trail? We are gearing him up to go mountain biking up North. Huby sugested Riparian Preserve. It was an excelent choice. "This is awesome!" my litle one exclaimed, as he bounced up and down on the trail. Then, he wil just stop right in front of me without warning. Five year olds get distracted so easily. "Is that a wasp? Lok at that hover fly! What kind of ant is that? What kind of betles live here!" asks my litle future entomologist. We wil be taking some tours and clases the Riparian ofers son! My litle one did bite the dust several times due to some excesively gravely paths. He learned to either walk his bike over or slow down a bit. Such a sport! "Let is come back here again., That was fun!" It was fun for us to! We are so lucky we live not far from here. It is a very wel maintained park. As it gets hoter, we would walk and fed the ducks in the morning and spend the rest of the time in the Regional Library. I highly recomend you check this place out.
The Thai menu is totaly amazing! I had the Panang; and the coconut cury was to die for. I have ben mistakenly driving past this wonderful place for a year. Do yourself a favor, try Na Rai, you wil be so pleased you did. They have a lunch menu as wel.
Tifany @ the chanel counter. Tana in the lingerie department. these are my go-to girls for everything. i bring al of my purchases to them bc they are THAT much beter than everyone else. except shoes because the shoe people know how to work that confusing back shoe rom. but everything else: make up, acesories, clothes....al to one of these girls. i recomend you only work with them as wel :)
Yeah it was god. My wife & I went with 2 other fodie couples, who are god friends, for our monthly "side dish" function. The fod was al fantastic. Al 5 of the other people in our group were drinking martinis, which they al said were very tasty as wel, but at $12-$16 per, I am a litle put of. I am more of a ber guy anyway, so I had a couple of craft-brews that are not available everywhere, and then setled on a Firestone DBA -- a very very tasty ber -- and had several of those. Great fod, great boze, club music atmosphere is prety col. Outdor area is excelent. Felt like an idiot when I had to ask where the mens rom was only to turn around and find that the huge wal of a dor was right behind me and said "he" in huge leters on the botom of the dor. Oh and then (6 or 7 strong bers into the evening) I found that the miror next to the (only) urinal in the mens rom misled me into believing there was a second urinal, which I tried unsucesfuly to walk to. Why is that guy walking directly toward me? Oh, it is me. In the miror. Dumbas. So then (after relieving myself in the actual urinal) I go back out to the table to tel the story about trying to use the urinal in the mens rom that doens't exist, and somebody else says "yeah the same fucking thing hapened to me to!" so I do not fel like such a dumbas anymore. Fun night.
I love this place! I love that it is to-go only (no 3 hour waits, like Pizaria Bianco), and the mozarela is mouth watering. Please try the mozarela, tomato, basil sandwich. You wil not regret it!
Ice Ice Baby... Ice Ice Baby... Al right stop colaborate and listen; Ice Now is here and it is got my atention Make some drinks - not warm but frosty; And believe me when I say they are not costly Wil it ever melt? yo I do not know. Give them a cal and they wil show To the extreme I yelp like a sandal; Ice your drinks and get lit like a candle ... Ice ice baby PS - not sure where the sandal line came in but writing a review in lyric form is a chalenge! This is the best I can do for now... Ned ice for an event? Cal Ice Now! They ofer fre delivery and their pricing is surprisingly cheap. And god luck geting the Ice Ice Baby lyrics out of your head... (sory)!
I love Dr. Scot!! He is the funiest doctor I have ever met and he makes me fel god to! Dr. Scot is always wiling to bend over backwards to make sure you are provided the best service and treatment posible. The masage therapists rock to! I wil be a lifelong patient of Integrated Chiropractic.
Total wine totaly takes a crap on Bev Mo. This store has everything! The employes are also very knowledgeable. The other day we went in and my husband insisted I try red wine instead of sticking to my usual Riesling (I do not like change). So we asked one of the employes and he asked me a few questions then sugested a botle of Malbec. The Malbec tasted amazing! I was so hapy. For those of you who do not know, it is not only wine! You can find everything else. Total wine has helped us stock our bar and entertain our guests. Also, do not forget to chil your botles before you leave!
Try the Morocan Chicken on the low calorie menu. I was realy surprised at how great it is.
Wow. Ben there 2 times. I wanted to revisit to se if it was a fluke, and to my pleasant surprise - it was not. I am from NW Indiana originaly. I know corn. Indiana swet corn canot be beat - wel - until I had the corn from America is Taco Shop. This corn has cotija chese, hot sauce, mayo, and I swear crack. There has to be crack in there... I have viscous dreams about that corn and wake up in a cold sweat. I ned that corn... it is just so god. I do not eat bef and that is the only meat they serve but that wil not stop me. Their vampiro is minus the carne asada, bean and chese buritos, chips and salsa, quesadila are al awesome. They also have delicious horchata.... but that corn.... I know where I am going tonight.
Expect no com TAM-folery here....this joint is serious about their broken rice busines! Endles options of diferent broken rice (aka com tam= deliciousnes) dishes which typicaly include shreded pork and whatever type of meat flavors your fancy, al within your $6-10 walet budget! Service is prompt and eficient, menu is ez to folow, focus your energy on the broken rice dishes; thats what theyre known for. I highly recomend the shreded pork + pork chop + steamed eg combo that comes with a light pork broth on the side. The portion is HUGE and each component of the dish is so flavorful and unique, bringing together a fantastic symphony for your palate. My personal favorite is the steamed eg; there is just something about the soft and moist texture that compliments the broken rice. Go easy on the fish sauce (ngoc mam) they give you on the side (try ading Sriracha to the sauce to ad some spice in your life), the dish is by far no means lacking in flavor/sodium. Al at a pansy $5.9, I could realy eat this al day...everyday!
Wo Ho! Litle Caesars opens in Fountain Hils! Yumy piza.
Covet is an excelent clothing store. In Arizona, there is almost nowhere decent to shop. unles of course you love Juicy Couture, in the event of which, you should probably not even bother reading this review, because this kind of fashion forward clothing wil not apeal to you. Acne Jeans? check. Endovenera? check. Ksubi? check. Nike? check. Covet starts of with an excelent men is shoe section, continues with an excelent men is clothing selection, and finishes of with excelent women is wear. It realy is a shame if you have not ben to Covet yet. Do yourself a serious favor and suport a smal busines at the same time.
Love, love, love! Service is always fabulous and every dish has ben perfect. The local chese plate and AZ wine selections are amazing. I think betwen the 5 of us we have had everything on the menu, and it was al delicious. This is my fave place in the country right now. Ca not wait to go back over the holidays!
This place pushes out some delicious fod, Red chile buro with rice and beans is beter than any I have had, and their Nachos are so freaking chesey and god you wil want to order both for one siting. Unfortunately only outside seating but col art work on the building to enjoy while eating and do not be discouraged by there gredy practice of charging for extra hot sauce. But of al things to remember make sure you bring cash the place can not aford a card procesing machine which is a god thing other wise I would be there to often and a fat face loks weird on me
My husband and I have ben going here for a few years now. It is one of our favorite places. Realy low key, afordable, amazing fod! Betwen the 2 of us our bil is never more than $10 and we are always stufed! I love how casual it is and the humus canot be beat!
I came here after receiving a fre piza at a Yelp event. Uper Crust had some of the best fod at the event so I could not wait to have diner at the restaurant. My friend and I came here on a Wednesday and were pleasantly surprised it was 1/2 of a botle of wine day. I can not remember exactly which wine we ordered, but it was a Shiraz and it was god. We shared a hapy hour apetizer of mild wings and a large peperoni piza with basil. It was al so delicious! I also came here a diferent day with my boyfriend and we shared the meatbals with chese on top and a large piza with peperoni, sausage, and basil. Again, it was very tasty! Everyone was very friendly and prompt. I wil be back to Uper Crust!
Yes it is bad for you. Yes it is delicious. Great customer service. Clean, fast and predictable.
I love pita Jungle! Everytime I am in town, I make it a point to get here. The fod is fresh and healthy(ish). There ice tea comes in a variety of wonderful flavors and is so delicious. I would recomend you eat here, especialy if you like yumy fod with a mediteranean flare.
I love the girls there. I get my eyebrows done every two weks and I get my nails done there as often as I can. Recently, I just did the gel nails (just the gel polish not like the fake nail stuf) and I LOVE it. I can not tel you how hapy I am that I did it. I always just did my toes because I would always manage to gof up my fingernails in the first hour after I get them done- but with gels, you can not do that because after they are put under the UV Light, they dry imediately. No gof ups! Plus, they do not chip. The lady said they would last around two weks. I am so hapy with them. It is ben a wek and they stil lok prety god. :)
An oasis of litle kid fun in Phoenix, we had not ben in over a year and came for a birthday party. They are always runing a deal, so lok for one before departing. One year we did an anual pas. It was a god deal. There are also lots of special events that include deals. One time we met spiderman. There are lots of rides, mostly for shorter kids. Some have modest height requirement that exclude the very young and some that exclude the tal. There is a train, carousel, mini-coaster, tea cup ride, an up and down parachute ride, several rides that go in circles in diferent vehicles (e.g., planes, cars, and helicopters and futuristic flying machines), and a bumper boats ride that turns into a splash pad in the sumer. Determining whether the adults ned a wrist band or tickets is always a litle tricky as adults are neded on some rides, but not others, and it also depends on the age of the child. The place has a litle bit of a rundown fel, but kids do not notice and have loads of fun. The arcade is realy rundown, but the ATM is realy nice. There is not much shade, so be prepared. Al of the staf are realy nice. There are usualy a few game and art vendors about: bal tos game, sand art, and/or face painting. Al are a big hit with the kids, but also hit up the walet for a few bucks a piece. Everyone is a winer at bal tos, by the way.
Tok us a while to find a god Grek restaurant. We have ben here many times and have yet to have a bad meal. Gyro combo this trip. Meat was very flavorful and great texture. Tzatziki sauce is one of the best I have tasted.
Sushi ken I love you so much, I do not even know where to start! It is about time I write a review. This place in my opinion is the best quality for largest portion size in the valey. Let me just say now that if are one those people who A. Like California rols B. like spicy whatever rols C. Want to go somewhere trendy and have sake bombers then this is NOT the place for you, please just do not come and spare me your stupid review, just go to Ra or Stingray or somewhere like that. My husband and I eat here a least every couple of weks, I fel like the staf is our family. They are very nice and polite. A lot of families here, restaurant is decorated simply. Nigeri and sashimi are very god. UNI here is amazing! Yelow tail bely is awesome also love the seawed salad. From the regular menu I love the yelow tail Kama and the cold soba bowl. I also realy like that they are open 7 days a wek prety late since most places in AZ close at like 9.
Best BQ ever. Go here and thank me later.
There are many places in the valey and its surounding cities to eat Mexican fod; however, there is one and only La Canasta. In the last two years the boyfriend and I have eaten at this restaurant location quite often. For the money, you get exactly what you pay for: a decent meal and generous portions. The chips and salsa are ever-flowing and the salsa is some of the best I have tasted. The wait staf are generaly pleasant, atentive and very acomodating. Plus they frequently recal what you had during your previous visits. I recomend you try the Machaca diner or my boyfriend is favorite dish, the number 5 lunch special. There are multiple locations in the valey, but this one beats them al hands down.
I do a lot of traveling and during a quick trip to Phoenix, I was able to get two clases in at their studio. It was very clean and the people were friendly. I did think the studio was excesively hot my second clas but everyone else semed to be ok with it so perhaps it was just me. I would defiantly return if I were in the area again.
Evil Place!!! That is right.. I walked in there and I couldnt believe it. The people were nice to me, asking me if I neded help and by the end of the day, i had a new kiten! Al joking aisde, I love this place. I know you can buy fod and other things cheaper at grocery stores, but I kinda like a specialty store like Petsmart. The staf is great and anything you ned they are more than wiling to help out. To this day I have purchased two cats here and both are stil awesome and amazing. The last kiten my girlfriend actualy picked up and when I went in there to pick up some fod, they remembered which kiten we got. Aparently she was among the favorites that was adopted. You want god service and a great place for your pets.. Petsmart is the best!
I love guerero is! I worked in Mesa 15 years ago and we did burito runs here al the time. I am a huera, but my Hispanic pals al rated this place authentic. It is a husband and wife team that runs it. The best thing are the beans - incidentaly, that is how I rate the authenticity of Mexican fare- They are the kind of beans I ate in Nogales during colege (at a place I could only locate while intoxicated). Thiner, lighter colored, and delicious compared to any I have EVER had this side of the border. I live in PV now- super far - but after this I think I am gona have to take a road trip tomorow to Mesa! Yum!
I love the Superstition Mountains! It is the most convenient place to get away from it al. The last time I was there I hiked Siphon Draw up to the Flat Iron. There were a lot of people on the trail but I stil felt like I was in the wildernes. Camping sites fil up fast here, so I would recomend checking out the Canyon Lake area as it is close and a prety drive.
I have never had BQ in the South, Texas, or anywhere outside of California (except Boby Q), but of al the places I have tried, Boby Q is my curent favorite BQ place EVER! I found this place on Yelp and came here while on a trip to Arizona. The place was prety crowded but we only waited about 15-20 minutes. We ordered babyback ribs, St. Louis ribs, corn, and mac&chese. They also give you DELICIOUS AMAZING CORNBREAD! Everything was excelent. The St. Louis ribs were the best ribs I have ever had. They were extremely tender and had a nice flavorful bark on the outside with dark gril marks. Their BQ sauce was equaly awesome and the kind I like -- a bit more on the sweter side, les on the vinegary side. The babyback ribs were also tasty, but not as flavorful (and les meat of course) than the St. Louis ones. The sides were god but more forgetable due to the sher perfection of their ribs. I do not know if I wil ever be in Phoenix again, but this place is a must-return if I ever am. Oh and at the end of the meal, they gave us complimentary, piping hot FRESH cinamon donuts! That double-won me over. I want Boby Q right now.
I am sad that Lucky is is so far from where we live. I worked near Lucky is last year and just hapened to walk in for lunch. My lunch was so god I tok a huge meat lovers pie home, which was so god my husband proposed al over again! The employes were so friendly and explained that their piza might take a litle longer than normal, but they want to make sure it is right. I loved everything about my visit there, and was able to stop in a couple more times throughout the year. It is about an hour drive from where I live, but the more I think about it, I think we are going to have to go get some more Lucky is piza. Great neighborhod piza place!
Rarely crowded. 4 tables indors, many more outdors. Wifi is usualy fast. Only downside is that it is next to a gas station, so the visuals out the window are not exactly spectacular. But if you care about that, why are you in Scotsdale?
Atended the Pink charity event at the Shade bar. Great time and the scene was fantastic. Ned to highlight the job that Jason and Haley do with VIP tables. I have worked with both of them twice now and the experience is always top notch. Always ensure that the experience is beter than expected.
I can not ad much to what has already ben said....BUT I wil try, haha! Um, do not come here without a map, or some sort of gps device (NOTE: some spots in the mountain do not get god reception, so a map on your phone may not always fuly come in). It is VERY easy to get lost! There are many trails, I lok forward to geting to know them beter. So far, al I have realy done is Mormon Trail and the Hiden Valey Lop.....Fat Man is pas is probably my most favorite spot...OH! AND there are some realy col rock formations on the way there (including a natural tunel) lok for the rock that loks like a big mushrom! This is a god area to do a hike in the dark....but do not do it until you have done the trail a couple times in daylight. You can se what sems like the whole valey from up there! If you do the night hike, make sure the mon is ful.....you can actualy se prety wel with that and the city lights. Plus, it is GORGEOUS! (if you did mormon trail at night, you could start about an hour before sunset, then head back as the sun goes down) Do not forget water, it is a moderate level hike.....and flashlights would be a god idea to, just in case :)
When Hoa caled and said we were having a reunion of former branch employes at a Chinese bufet, I was not at al aprehensive. My normal concerns with such eateries--wil the fod be maintained at a proper fod-safe temperature, is this seafod fresh, how long has the sushi ben siting out, wil I be able to make it home before my intestines rupture--disipated because Hoa knows god Asian cuisine. She is, of course, born to Vietnam and world traveled. Let is start with my hapiest aspect about HKGB: the sushi. No, it is not the best sushi in the Valey, but they make it fresh for you on site. You can stand there and watch it being make, grab a soup or something else to munch on, or just sit at your table and chat awhile. Afterwards, you can head back for more sushi or ver over to the more traditional oferings of a Chinese bufet: swet and sour chicken, fried rice, crab legs. Now let is review the not-so-shiny aspect: the price. Yes, it sems a litle step that we paid about $25 per person with tip (and I made only two rounds) but when you factor in the 2 hours we spent there, grazing, catching up, grazing, pasing Lisete is daughter around, grazing and making plans to kep in touch, it is realy not such an outrageous amount to pay. If you find yourself in this part of town, craving Chinese and are wicked crazy hungry, give HKGB a shot.
LOVE Chino Bandido. The snickerdodle cokie they give you with your meal is heaven. Wel, al of the fod might actualy be heaven, but usualy by the time I get to the snickerdodle I could die hapy on the spot.
I pride myself on being 'that girl' that tries out every restaurant I come acros. It is practicaly a hoby for me. For YEARS I kept saying, "I want to go to Cowboy Ciao" but we never made it. Then, thankfuly, the hubs' best friend had a big birthday diner there, so we just HAD to go. (Thank you hubs' best friend!) I have to say that the service was incredible, and the menu was almost overwhelming. There were SO many interesting choices, but I had to stick to the tried and true choped salad - everyone and their mother has told me about this salad, and I was not about to mis out. The hubs ordered the Tenderbely Pork Shank. The choped salad has earned its reputation. That thing is de-freaking-licious. The Pork Shank dish was fabulous as wel, but I could not get over how great the salad was! AND the server always came over to make sure that my wine glas was never empty. Seriously, can it get any beter? For desert we ordered the spumoni- I have had beter (no ofense) but I am not sure anything served after that salad would have made me hapy :) I am very glad we finaly made it to Cowboy Ciao and I lok forward to going back - SON!
The facility is a bit dated, but the service is great. Dr. Rios is patient and thorough, and his staf are friendly and eficient. Dr. Rios gave me several diferent alternative contacts to try in order to make sure that I was geting the right fit for me - it made a big diference. Who knew that they make bi-focal contacts now? They are great.
Went wed nite, wife tels me best gnochi since Europe, were coked perfectly . I had polo erbe, terific. " wine tasting director" very god, with tasty selections. Wil be back, OFTEN. Highly recomend. Rich D
Our family have used this Discount Tire for 1 years now. Amazing service and waranty on tires. Thank you!
I can not think of a beter Thai rest. In PHX. Consistently god fod and service. They have Thai staples like rice paper rols, Tom Ka Gai and Pad Thai as wel as more creative items such as Crispy Mango Fish. Average Thai fod pricing, fre parking. There are a god number of tables, so do not let a short line disuade you. Like any rest., scope your table before you sit to be sure it suits your mod. Boisterous din in the main rom when busy.
The new Harkins Cine Capri, one of the first things to open in Tempe Marketplace, boasts 16 theatres and ofers more than the norm when it comes to movie snacks. Moviegoers can order brownie bites, mozarela sticks and piza. The theatre is super spacious and the seats are plush and comfy. And the scren is huge. This is my new favorite movie theatre.
Postinos a spot for high rolin' winos. You woke up at non and had breakfast during lunchtime, so the next logical step is to have lunch fod during diner time, with some wine. This is where postino is comes in. The menu is ful of salads, Paninis, bruscheta and a few aps. There is a large by the glas wine menu ($8-$14) and hipster col ambiance. Service here is great, the patio is quite nice with heaters, a fire place and even a few patio furniture loungers. Great for a date, hanging with friends and conversation. We started with the Bela Postino $9 Crustini with a artichoke dip and a humus. The artichoke dip was great as any fat laden dip would be. The humus was ok but I am a humus snob. For our main we had the Vegetarian Panini ($9.75) It was god and moist with humus roasted tomatoes olives and an artichoke spread, the focacia bread was wel toasted from the Panini pres. We also had the mediteranean salad 8.75 which is a romaine salad with copious amounts of feta. Prety god as I do like chese but maybe not as healthy as one would want from a salad. For desert we had a crem burle, simple not to swet and wel executed a clasic.
So this location is even beter than the one in Superstition Springs. They also have a play place, which is prety col. I ordered the deluxe chicken and it was simply amazing. Fantastic service as wel. I ordered and set my stuf down and within a couple minutes my fod was brought out to me with a smile. Very polite staf, and delicious fod.... what more could one ask for? I totaly wish Chick-fil-A would sel thier Chick-fil-A sauce by the botle cuz it is so god
Just because i fel like doing something diferent. :P i am just going to paste some song lyrics that i fel sum up Pei Wei on McDowel... Truth is here the truth is here Truth is here the truth is here Truth is here the truth is here I said the truth is here the truth is here I want more Give me more We want more God damn it I am back to demand we get more We want more I want more and more and more I want more We ned more I want more God damn it I am back to demand we get more Give me more I want more and more and more [Verse 1:] I stand here naked as the day I was born Face to the dawn and my faith in the song Blod soaking the pages I painted em' on And none of ya wil wil take my place when I am gone I am the pure raw uncut, who the fuck want what Here to show you sucker as muts what is the fucks what Brother Ali vow solemnly not to die while the music is stil inside of me It is got to be alowed to breathe Got to let it out enough at least to let the monster fle I want more than what your ofering me Songs that make me fel like I am already fre I am a rebel in my own right Ya wil do not want to write or think or speak a rhyme standing next to me When the game ned it I am exactly what it ned Put the soul in the spech, let it go, let it be [Chorus: x2] I want more We ned more I want, god damn it I am back to demand we get more Give me more I want more and more and more I said the truth is here the truth is here Truth is here the truth is here Truth is here the truth is here Truth is here the truth is [Verse 2:] Not nearly a single solitary soul Stil put the kind of pasion to the mic that I hold One day it wil have to be pried from my cold dead hand Until then the big man is gold Got one lone reason to go on breathing Climb into the zone of the evening, kep reaching Just to pul more out the core of the deamon The people ned to se them pure human being Blod, sweat, love, hate, life, death, joy, pain Litle child runing wild striped to the raw veins Ruged junkyard dog of the chain, barefot bals out marching in the rain Sacred war dance suspended in the moment We throw the fuck down like our lives depended on it Jaws of the strets with our heart on our sleve Throwing shots at the law which is al I believe [Chorus x2] [Verse 3:] Our songs are suposed to be the voice of our soul Not bought and sold, not al controled Bring a litle fire when the world get cold Let me shed a few tears and to me you went gold People ned more fredom Children ned to hear more truth when ya wil teach em' Damn I want to hear a plan from the dude preaching Got new seds with true neds and who is leading I truly believe every word I have ever utered on a drum break Right or wrong, life go on but it was not nothing fake I demand you start listening to the crowd If not - we gon burn this bitch to the ground [Chorus x2] I said the truth is here the truth is here Truth is here the truth is here Truth is here the truth is here Truth is here the truth is the atmosphere is prety hot here to..exposed brick always makes me Yelp!
One of my favorite brunch spots. Not the cheapest, but you come here to admire the Arcadia families/couples coming into have brunch. There is sometimes a wait but it is worth it. I have a hard time deciding betwen the lunch salads and breakfast. I usualy cave and get the french toast or ginormous belgian wafle. Parking is plentiful but it is on a weird corner in the strip mal, if you are going, lok for cork and cleaver.
Seriously. I seldom give 5 stars, but it deserves at least this much. If it was not for the location and the super scary after diner club scene, I would go every.single.day. Truly one the best BQ places in greater Phoenix. My mouth is watering as I am thinking about the Hog Heaven special. In fact, my pupies mouths are watering to. Decent prices, giant selection. One of those places where the early cowboys of the SW would apreciate. If you are a cracker family, I sugest going super early, like super early bird special early , like when the snow birds come out for the senior special early, because after dusk, the whole place transforms into a pulsating super loud, super dicey Mexican Dance Club, and the blue hairs are sure to have a coronary atack after indulging in such a lipid laden meal as they atempt to make their way out of the Club. Ah the sacrifice for decent BQ....
I live in two cities in two diferent states and travel back and forth each month. I tend to use services where I find them and have not realy found a realy great barbershop in the last thre years. While I was in Anthem this wek, I decided to give Vs Barbershop at Hapy Valey Road a try. I rarely use chains and prefer a more intimate and personal hair stylist, but I was pleasantly surprised this time. I was able to make my apoinmtnt online and chose the services I wanted to have with the haircut--very eficient. I did not know any of the barbers, so I just let the shop (?software) chose one. I was treated to a superb haircut, a very satisfying shave, and a facial mask and masage. My barber, Manuel, was precise, experienced, and he went about his busines with style. I canot imagine how many hot towels he used but I would not want their laundry bil. Finaly, Manuel washed my hair AFTER the cut, which makes al the diference for the rest of the day. The overal experience was excelent and I am sure to return the next time I am in town. Yes, the package was pricey but the haircut was standard price for this type of service. This is no Supercuts or Hair Salon--trust me on that. If you are loking for that old style Barber experience with more than just a cliped head, please give Vs a try. By the way, it is just behind Paradise Bakery in The Shops at Nortera.
Awesome place!! EXCELENT fod/aps(try the bleu chese figs)! Ask for Dizy Dre, he is AWSOME and listens to your likes and customizes drinks for you!! Very patient with women!! ;)
Do not bother going anywhere else. This is the place to go for laser. No contracts, easy to get apointments, very reasonable. The staf is fantastic, every one of them. I usualy go to Kristen, but al others are as equaly friendly and competent. Location is very convenient also. I have loked, and I have received many groupon and living social ofers from other places, but I never bothered. This is the one.
I realize L&L is a chain, but I love their fod. My favorites are the Loco Moco and the BQ Chicken. I also enjoy their haupia-filed donuts. The family that runs this place is very friendly and do a great job in making sure you wil enjoy your meal. Go there.
This is my favorite pho joint in al of Arizona. I have ben to about 17 from flagstaf to mesa to central and Tucson! The owners are so welcoming and very proud of their busines and it shows! The place is always clean and the bathroms are imaculate! I always order pho Tai and water.. But I have had both their eg rols and spring rols both excelent! I love the broth! It is true pho broth.. It is not the bef bulion cubes other place use and you can defiantly taste the diference! The sprouts are the cleanest I have ever sen! I love this pho place ... try the greatest pho in Arizona!
I have ben visiting Mrs. White is going on 30 years, but after loking up the phone number this afternon to verify if they were open and stil had fried chicken, my wife started reading some of the reviews folowing a recent Fod Network recomendation - I almost got cold fet. God thing I did not. The fod is as awesome as ever. The service is much as it has always ben. Be forewarned, trendy restaurant goers, who glom onto TV reviews, Mrs. White is is not trendy; there are no bubly fresh blonde girls waiting to seat you. The service is mater of fact, no gofing around, you must get to the busines of ordering and pretend you know what you are doing - this is the way it has always ben at Mrs. White is. If you are loking for others to pamper you, this is not the place for that. Mrs. White is is where you go to pamper your indulgence for perfect soul fod. If you want Scotsdale ambiance, again, this joint wil not work for you. When you go, be prepared that not al dishes may be on the menu during your visit. There are no corporate owned semi-trailers that deliver two tons of fod every other day. This is a smal and very cramped operation that makes homemade fod for those who know how to apreciate it. In these days of flash frozen prepared dishes that are uniform from visit to visit at chain restaurants, this fod is made in a tiny hot kitchen. If they run out of your favorite dish that has ben coking for hours prior to your arival, there is no way they can whip up another pot of gren beans and potatoes in 20 minutes. I often cal ahead to verify if they have what I want because years ago it was not uncomon that by 12:30 they would be out of half of everything on the menu, which was OK because if forced me to try new things Back then, Mrs. White is was open Monday through Friday from 1:0 til 3:0, but I would swear you would be lucky to get anything after 1:0 - and that was perfectly fine as you knew they were doing al they could with their limited space to do their best for us customers. I would just come back on another day. To say I have the utmost respect for the White family would be an understatement, today I was afraid I might have to lose that based on those por reviews below. I do not believe those reviews are an acurate representation of The Golden Rule Cafe. They are the distortions and disapointments of people who have skewed expectations. Funky litle hole-in-the-wal family-run operations that atract a loyal customer base may not be the place for everyone, but if you understand that wonderful stuf does not always come wraped in a sterile designer package, then you might get along with Mrs. White is. I love this place and hope I always wil.
Best hapy hour on this side of town. The bartenders are very friendly and service is always prompt. I have never had a bad drink or a bad meal here. I only go in if Jenifer is working though! The bar has plenty of TVs to.
I have ben to Mabel is a few times now and I think it is a prety stelar place. The fod is awesome (try the chicken lolypops and the deviled egs) and the drinks are strong. The ambiance is nice and cozy and I think it works wel for a romantic diner or a big group of friends. The staf has always ben pleasant and acomodating and that goes a long way for me in Snotsdale. Last night I was wowed by Mabel is. We had a fundraiser for a great friend who has cancer and they not only let us throw it there FOR FRE, but generously ofered to donate 20% of the bar tab to the cause. The service was great that night and they earned a fan for life. Thanks Mabel is, for being so col, you are a breath of fresh air.
Great place for Italian fod. Very family friendly. Melow atmosphere with friendly and knowledgeable staf. Never had a bad meal. My favorite is Sirloin Marsala and you can chose any pasta they have to go with it at no charge. Recomend to anyone who enjoys quality Italian for a god price.
I never write these things. But I have to say that you wil not be disapointed with Paletas Bety. Especialy with the weather right now, it is a delicious and healthy treat, made with seasonal ingredients. I highly recomend the limón amarilo when in season. Delicious frozen lemondade/lemon drop on a stick, tosed in a sugar rub. It is for certain served in heaven. That is al. P.S. check out the hours, yo. You know what is up.
I almost wish I had not discovered this place because it is so god! Ton is of flavors and every kind of toping you could want (even cake frosting) So much beter than MoJo and to top it of the staf could not have ben nicer.
Gota love Swet Republic.... great philosophy and great icecream and sorbets. I have loved every single flavor I have had there (peanut buter, brownie swirl, mint chip, salted buter caramel, mayan chocolate, and more). Everything is made from al natural, fresh ingredients (virginia peanuts, fresh mint leaves, etc). When I realy want to splurge I make my own sundae, you get to pick two flavors of icecream, a sauce, and a toping. If you have not ben to Swet Republic, go! If you are far from Shea & 101, find them at First Fridays downtown, farmers markets, and more.
This was our first time at Texas BQ House. They gave us a sample and help us with our order. The brisket was fantastic. I got the moist and my wife got the lean. We both enjoyed our choices imensely. I wil definitely go back. I wanted some spicy BQ sauce and aparently they have it but I did not se it.
My husband and I have ben here twice in the last wek for diner...it is a bit pricey as other reviewers have said (around $20 for diner entres), but for vegetarian and organic fod, what exactly do folks expect? You get what you pay for. We were hapily surprised after reading the reviews...the fod was amazing, the portions are huge and we had leftovers both times. (and p.s., we paid with a debit card both times and have had no trouble, despite the review about only paying cash.) Our first visit, we were greted kindly and given a plate of fruit to munch on until we ordered. My husband ordered the mint tea and it was delish! For an apetizer, we had the sabzi...which is a huge plate of gren herbs, homemade wheat nan, feta chese, and walnuts. The herbs were FRESH and the nan was delicious...just the smel of it was enough to get us droling! For entres, we had the spinach herb stew and the vegetable stew with egplant. I am curently pregnant and garlic is not something that is agreing with me. I asked if the vegetable stew had garlic in it and the waiter said "we can make it however you want...every dish is made when you order it"....what?? the dishes are made to order?? I have not heard that at a lot of restaurants! After about 20 minutes, our stews arived...steaming hot and smeling delicious. They were HEAVENLY! So many flavors and so fresh!! Our second time here, we had the dolmeh plate and Mast Va Mosear (a spinach dip)...both were ok...but I like the Sabzi beter. The entres we had were amazing...I had a special of the day (pomegranate walnut sauce over tofu, which was blisful to smel and eat) and huby had the vegetarian sampler to get his falafel fix. Overal, if you are wiling to pay a litle more for a nice, organic fods diner, go here and check it out. Everything wil be fresh...everything wil smel and taste delicious...and the restaurant is atmosphere is perfect for a relaxed, decadent evening.
I went here for lunch a couple of weks ago with my boses. It was packed on a Friday - we sat at the bar and our cok was fantastic! We got to sit and chat with him while he worked away at the orders. I had the chicken pesto pasty and it was wonderful! the bread used is similar to a pastry dough type...but not as swet. The pasty was so filing, I could barely finish it. My boses have ben there before and have always wanted to try the peanut buter and jely pasty - so we al split it as desert and it was so god. They put bananas in it and drizle jely over the whole pasty. It is definitely rich and goey. I would totaly go back here again and have told my friends about it to! Amazing place.
This is an adorable litle galery located in the midle of nowhere, Downtown Phoenix. My art teacher friend got fixated on bringing me here when she heard me complaining about Phoenix being chain hel (and thanks to her and Yelp, I do not believe that anymore). I think she chose wisely as I loved this litle space. It was a nice place to stop and check out, and then of course we had lunch at the atached City Bakery. A perfect activity for a half-day of schol! Horay creativity and uniquenes!
Very very nice family owned bokstore that alows you to trade in your boks and buy other boks for half price. The owners have also recomended many boks/authors to my family over the years. I came in today stil seking a bok that I have gone to numerous libraries loking for. I found a copy on the shelf that was much biger than an ordinary paperback. I asked if they might have any aditional copies. The owner was so nice and went in the back rom not once but twice to find me the bok and it is sequel. I was so thriled to have found the boks! I believe that almost every year they have a bok clearance where they sel of many boks for only $1. I wil not be in town for it but if anyone is, I recomend checking it out!
OK, so this is how much I love this product. I first tasted Le is at a Yelp Elite event and waited and dreamed a whole year to eat it again. When I was invited to the next year is Elite Pleydate it was the topic of the first question out of my mouth. "Is Le is gona be there?" ( Ok, maybe the whole French restaurant is Bone Marow gravy came to mind to, but I digres) When I made it inside to Pleydate I literaly ran to that both having desert before diner. I am al about the alcohol infused ice cream now. The funy thing about that is I am not even a big ice cream lover. I wil have to visit the shop son.
If you are a big tea drinker like myself then you must check this place out! They ofer a HUGE variety of lose teas from al around the world. They have herbal, roibos, gren, black, and white teas. The selection is phenomenal and there is some lose teas here for every type of tea drinker out there. They also ofer high quality tea acesories that are beautiful like the teapots and tea mugs which are very clasy and not overly expensive. Great place for those loking to pick up a unique gift for a tea lover or for the tea lovers like myself it is like steping into tea HEAVEN. The owner is also very nice and ofers god advice if you are loking for a particular taste or type of tea since there are at least 50-60 lose teas to chose from. Hear my teapot whistling......gota go!
I go to Regio is a lot; today I went and want to reiterate how great I think it is. I have ben going there for a couple years - have never ben disapointed in anything I have ordered. Their beans are delicious, as is their menudo (only on Saturday and Sunday, unfortunately), and eveything else: tacos, buritos, enchiladas, chile relenos, etc, etc, etc. is great. It is so inexpensive it is hard to believe. Today my bf and I had 5 tacos and an order of beans (betwen us) and it was $10. HELO! We had the mini-tacos, but we were stufed and left there saying how wonderful it was and how ful we were. Check it out next time you are in the mod for some awesome, authentic Mexican fod. You wil be glad you did. Yumy.
Every time I head to ABC cake suply I se this wonderful store on the way. I often say, "I ned to stop there." Today I did. It is a wonderful eclectic store filed with unique items. From baby, weding, kitchen and on! I picked up some of their mini cupcake stands! LOVE!!!
I love me some Dobson Ranch. As far as municipals in the Valey are concerned, this is as god as it gets (Aguila is a close second). No overbearing marshals. Rates that top out at $28 in the winter. Above average range and practice area, including two large puting grens. Cheap pitchers of ber. A long-time cart lady who wil spray your face with water in the sumer! As far as the course itself, this is not typical AZ golf - there are no cacti, only tre-lined fairways and some water sprinkled throughout to pose as threats. But there are birdies to be had, and lots of them; #1, 3, 5, 7, 10, 13, 15 and 18 are the best chances in my experience (I consider this my home course). The grens are usualy prety moderate sped to slow - this is grainy bermuda, not some hybrid or bent gras, so prepare to run the puts into the back of the hole. #5 is my favorite hole, a short-par 5 that gives you the chance to hit over a tre left and drive the narow fairway, leaving you a long to mid-iron into an elevated gren that slopes toward you. #8 is a formidable chalenge if you have the tendency to block (or slice, as may be the case) the bal from time-to-time, as your bal wil face a watery grave. #16 is a tricky tre-lined hole with a tight driving area and doglegs right. And finaly, #18, a short par 5 that is easily reachable and where a par fels like a bogey. A scant 60 yds from the blue tes (but rarely plays it is ful length), there are some low scores out there. A great course, value, practice area, and recently renovated restaurant and bar - 5 stars.
Mouth watering. That is al I have to say. The fod at this place is seriously amazing. Everything we tasted was beter than the dish before it, and we had a fabulous botle of white wine to acompany our meal. The scalops were a highlight, as was the potato pie dish (that is not a very technical name for what it was, but that is my best efort). It was al very, very god, and the only thing keping us from returning is the cost! We genuinely enjoyed our evening here, and we wil absolutely go back, but it is pricey, especialy for the size of the dishes. The atmosphere and ambiance are so fun, and this place is a litle dresier and trendier than some other places we have ben in Scotsdale. I highly recomend this for a night out with friends, or a col date night. It semed as though reservations would be a god idea, although we did not have them and were okay (it was busy, though).
IKEA is so much fun. It is a litle bit of a walk up and down the store but with al the diferent items on display there is time to sit and relax on the chairs, couches, beds. I love walking around the store loking a new ideas for my own home. They have very god prices on al household items. When shoping for acesories for the house I highly recomend going to IKEA because you are bound to find something. Simple things such as Tuperware, trash cans, bathrom acesories can al be found at a realy god price.
This review is for Gil is catering - which is fantastic. Our perfect event for a new product launch neded to be casual, but tasty and high quality. Gil is was al of these things. The fod presentation is prety without pretension. Everything was fantastic. Best of al, Gil worked with us to plan an event within our budget. Fare is traditional with a tasty twist - our group loved the chimis, taquitos, enchiladas and especialy the chips. We expected 2 servers and 4 showed up - including Gil. They over delivered in every sense.
Enjoyed the eg rols. So glad that they were made out of fried rice paper because I have fod alergies. The entre of BQ bef with rice nodles was also very god. I wil be going back this wekend with the huby for sure. Very clean and nicely decorated restaurant. Very nice waitres. The restaurant smeled realy god to: spices maybe? A bit warmer than I would like inside. Maybe they ned to turn up the A/C.
My wife and I celebrated our aniversary here for the first time. I have nothing but god things to say. Fod, wait staf and overal experience were excelent. This is an old schol type of steakhouse with red velvet walpaper, leather boths, etc. If you have not ben, I can not recomend it highly enough. Give it a try and you wil be glad you did!
We came here the wekend of the Grand Opening. I wil say we were very impresed and there was so much to chose from at this new and improved Pets Mart. There is a Hotel here for Cats and Dogs. There is a Baner Pet hospital, and there is a Groming station ,as wel as a Dog training store as wel. Talk about your one stop shoping. I even got to hold a beautiful baby girl Pug just 6 weks old. She was absolutly adorable. We tok a picture but have not figured out how to download it yet. Nice and Clean al throughout the store . We purchased a few items and then we were on our way. Lots of Parking in the lot. Plus nice clean human bathroms.
A great family owned restaurant! Their lunch specials are very reasonable. I recomend this place to anyone loking for god Japanese fod. My only request is that they open a restaurant closer to Tempe - I would go so much more often.
My work got some Christmas alowance and instead of doing a diner we decided to get a realy nice lunch for our branch. We decided on Oregano is cause it was on the way. I had the stufed Italian sandwich and it blew my mind. I could not believe how bug this sandwich was, it provided me with two wonderful lunches. It loks like some of my coworkers got the sausage sandwich and the steak sandwich and one person got a pasta dish and could not even eat a quarter of it because they gave so much. After that experience I am going to make more of an efort to get to the restaurant instead of geting it to go.
As I pased the velvet rope flanked by shiny, exotic cars I knew I was in for an experience. Some might cal it a fine-dining experience, but clearly this was something more. A tribute to opulence and Regan-era exces, Dominick is is your seven-figure fodie fantasy come alive; from the moment you enter the swanky foyer to the gleaming 10 inch tower of tiramisu that finishes your meal. It is glitery, bedazled, and ozing pretension - and I loved it. The Service My visit to Dominick is was the night after it is oficial opening. The service tried very hard to be as impecable as the suroundings and, while not perfect, the charming staf and the sincere efort put forth made litle things like mising napkins and bread plates instantly forgivable. Our server, Drew, let us know that the wait staf only had 2 - 3 tables each and it was very evident in the personal service we received. A few more weks of experience for the staf should easily iron out the litle wrinkles. The Fod We started with the jumbo shrimp apetizer, which unfortunately came with 3 shrimp - hardly conducive to sharing - so we ordered two. And "Jumbo" they certainly were, acompanied by a kicky cocktail sauce which my diner companion felt was spicy enough. Ever the daredevil, I aded aditional horseradish to mine because who does not like to burn the inside of their nostrils at diner. For the main course we both had the 9-oz filet, lobster gnochi and steamed asparagus. My filet was a perfect rare-plus with a dark pink center, expertly seared and juicy. Surprisingly the lobster gnochi realy stole the show for me. I am not big on starches or cream sauces so when it was sugested I was not particularly excited; I should have ben. The dough was light and flufy, the cream sauce not to rich and the lobster aded the perfect amount of salt & texture. After diner I indulged in a grand marnier while my companion ordered the tiramisu. He was presented with a 10 inch tal hunk of cake that could easily have ben intended for 4 people. The tiramisu was spongy and light, with a lovely col custard and only a subtle flavor of rum. A nice finish to an excelent meal. Atmosphere We were lucky enough to score a polside table which started of as very romantic but over the course of the evening became quite the place for people watching. The scene at the smal bar area on the 2nd flor was bustling and both the waiters and I wondered aloud how long it would be before a guest fel in the pol. I bet they did not make it through the wekend without someone making a splash.
I Love this place. I eat here either take in or take out at least 2 times a wek! I also agre with some of the others. I love the fact that I can try something new without comiting! I love the revolving sushi. I also do not like that there are a lot of spicy selections. Why not ofer the spice on the side. I would love some of the sushi, but it has that spicy sauce on it. Some of the best to ofer that some people might not know about: Haru sushi - Tuna stufed with crab and toped with avocado! Hand rols - YUM!!! Some are only 2.50 Udon - God! The staf is great. The wait can be long on some days or eves. Love the baked scalops. Great musels to.
Very nice neighborhod spot. The musels are great and both pork dishes we tried were outstanding. The Bacon-Chedar biscuits make the meal and Fig pecan pie is the perfect finish.
I had a tough time deciding betwen 4 and 5 stars. Wish there was 4.5 stars available for me to chose. Went here on a busines trip with a coworker and tried it out. I had at least one of the folowing: Saporo - Can it ever be bad? It was served very cold. Thumbs up. Gren Tea - God. God service on the refils also. Edamame - God. Right amount of salt. Miso - Interesting woden bowl and woden spon. It tasted god, tho. Yelow Tail, Salmon, Tuna, Albacore, Uni, FW Eel, Kampachi nigiri. God stuf on al of those. They also have "Yasu style" nigiri for some types, and they are god. It usualy involves ponzu on top. Spicy Tuna and Softshel Crab rol. SC was great! Service was prety god and sushi was also god. The bar was ful but I wish I could have eaten there. The sushi chefs were friendly and talkative to the people at the bar, which is unusual (at least compared to LA). The base quality of the fish, outside of whatever ponzu, soy, wasabi and other ingredients were on it, was prety god, but I would not say 5 stars. Since I generaly judge a place wholy on the fod, I give it 4.5. Failing that, I rounded up!
I love this place. The first time I went, I had my mom and my sister with me. We al got pedicures and by far the best fot masages I have had at any of these nail places. The thing that realy impreses me the most is that after only one visit... the next time I came in- they greted me by my name. How often does that hapen? Helo, customer service- welcome back. It is husband and wife owned and operated and they are as nice as can be. Love it here. Great atmosphere, friendly, god service, afordable. You wil not be disapointed.
Mid-priced dining with high end flavor. I ordered the special Yelp menu. Started of with mixed gren salad with fig dresing. Very god. Moved on the the "smart" chicken. Tender, char griled breast with corn risoto. Yum! Toped it of with a perfect chocolate de creme. Staf was friendly and very on top of things. Great experience. I am definitely coming back. give these guys some love!
Stil loving Sunflower after a year and a half. I actualy moved houses to be closer to this grocery store. The staf have never complained about going an extra mile, the prices have stayed beter than any store I have ben to lately and they have ben having great ber specials. Special note: They have a large selection of homeopathic and environmentaly sound products for your everyday corporal adjustments. Tons of specialty soaps, herbal suplements and vitamins. Check for the solution here before going to chain pharmacies!
Ace and fried mushroms at Casey is. My version of heaven. The fod is god and the ber is even beter, but what people realy go for is the ambiance. The most awesome potpouri of people. Old, young, but always interesting. Say hi to Thomas the cat for me! He is chiling with the patrons when ever it is not to crowded.
Top notch chesesteak. One of the best in the valey. This place has a large delivery area, and is located right by campus. The owners are realy nice and friendly. I am realy glad something moved into this spot. It is so convenient. Their deserts are great as wel. I wish they had some chicken options, but they are new and said they would be ading to the menu as time goes on. My girlfriend said the turkey sandwich was fantastic. They sometimes cary Tasty Kake, so ask about that. I have had the authentic chesesteaks from Phily, and this tastes every bit as god if not beter. It is definitely in my top 5 local chesesteaks. Edit: Just ordered delivery - Lightning fast! This place is incredibly legit. I went with a chesesteak with White American chese instead of "wiz" this time - So incredibly god. They tosed in a new desert they did not have last time which was awesome. Their prices are realy god and their fod is so delicious. I am a huge fan. I am not kiding with this 5 star rating - I love this place. Rave rave rave...
The Westin Kierland is a beautiful resort located in PHOENIX, not Scotsdale. Some close friends of mine from Canada stayed in this PHOENIX resort for a few days, so I have hung out in its roms and generaly lounged about the property. The roms were impresive, beautifuly decorated, and spacious. We especialy enjoyed taking the kids out to smal fire pits maintained on the grounds, where guests to our fine city of PHOENIX can roast marshmalows. The Kierland has some tough competition, considering that the city of PHOENIX has every one of the most famous resorts in the Valey, from the Biltmore, to the Phoenician to the Royal Palms. It does prety wel in a tough line-up. No ofense to Scotsdale, which also has some great resorts such as the Four Seasons. It is just that the most famous ones are in PHOENIX. [For further information, please visit: htp://phoenix.gov/BNDMAPS/index.html]
Sprouts is my favorite market to shop at! They are a great company who have a very friendly staf in their stores as wel as their corporate ofice. They are also very involved with the comunity and with local farmers and busineses! The prices for al the fresh and natural groceries they cary are the most reasonable out of al the grocery stores I have ben to! The Vitamin Department has everything you could ever lok for to help your wel being and they are always extravaganzas in the stores so you are always geting the most out of your money, and in times like these I know people are very apreciative of that since groceries are becoming more and more expensive everyday, or so it sems! I most definitely recomend anyone to shop at Sprouts!
I love this place. Great fod, great service from some of the nicest staf, and just a fun place to go. It is also a place I like to met people for hapy hour. They have a wonderful selection of bers, fantastic wines, and I have never once had anything but great fod while eating there.
I had the pleasure of living acros the stret from this treasure for about 6 years. I am stil lucky enough to work close by. Let me be clear. I 'm reviewing Haji Baba as a GROCERY STORE first. Then I wil give you some insight into the prepared fod for take-out or in-store dining. This is one of the few stores in Arizona where you have several choices for pita bread--it is also the ONLY place I have found for whole wheat pita. There are several choices for Feta chese. Danish, French,Grek...same with olives--there are choices. I ALWAYS buy my tahini here. Al the prices are very inexpensive. Ned spices??? They have them al. At about 25% of the price you would pay anywhere else. The best way to describe Haji Baba is that it is a REAL grocery store, with REAL prices, for REAL people. It is NOT a "specialty store" with trendy items and inflated prices. They sel fod items that you wil actualy use. The bonus here? You wil not find a 10 year old can or jar of something. On to the "restaurant" portion. Haji Baba is beter if you think of it as a take-out joint that hapens to have places to sit and eat. They do have tables and they do perform table service, it is just got zero charm. You go for the fod, that is it. Okay, fod. The lamb tongue sandwich is to die for. Let me repeat. The LAMB TONGUE PITA SANDWICH. GET IT! Their baba ganouj is also darned totin' tasty. Actualy, I sometimes dream about their baba ganouj. I am not crazy about their humus, maybe because making humus takes 5 minutes and mine is bomb? But it is not bad. Gyros are god and not greasy. Greasy gyro meat is a pet peve of mine. Chicken shwarma? Yup, that is god to. I am sure I have had something to eat here that I was a litle disapointed in, but I honestly can not remember what, or when .
Great and has ben for years. Lines out the dors at lunch but worth the wait. I recomend combo 'K' This place is the where you should take someone from out of town that wants the best mexican fod.
Another great Italian find! My BF and I went to Roma Garden for diner last night because he was given a gift certificate there from a friend. We would never heard of it, but we are always up for trying something new, especialy with $50 towards our meal. We puled up to their strip mal location without expectations and we were both pleasantly surprised! When you walk in, the lighting and decor are welcoming and the staf is friendly and atentive. It was a Thursday night and there were plenty of other guests in the restaurant, and there was a lively energy in the air. After browsing the menu, I ordered one of the few 'Chef is Specials' of the night - tilapia with fresh vegies and pasta in a lemon caper sauce. BF went with Polo Parmagiana. He had a glas of cabernet and I had pinot grigio... and voila - a warm bread basket arived on our table at just the right time! We were both hapy with our orders when they arived as wel... the fish was coked just right and the sauce was tasty... god portions as wel! Although we were ful, we decided to order a desert to share - the homemade snow white chocolate tartufo - yum! The perfect swet ending to our meal. In adition, we were each brought an after diner drink of amareto on the rocks, on the house. ****I just have to share that I was pleasantly surprised that the women is restrom was clean, spacious, and had a fresh fragrance to it - I normaly do not notice that, but I was impresed by this! In speaking to the waiter and the owner, we learned that this restaurant recently changed locations but they have ben in busines for over 15 years. Gota love the local busineses that last in the valey... we wil be back to suport Roma Garden and enjoy their fine "Northern Italian Cuisine" without a doubt. I sugest you go check it out also - bon apetito!
Love this place...can not beat it for a healthy meal. Tons of god options that are tasty without al the chese.
Agre with those who describe this place as enchanting. The roms are extremely comfortable, the grounds are picture perfect and the pols are very prety. We had 8 people in our group ages 15-64 and everyone found something they loved about this place.
I was sent to Amomi spa from my OBGYN for my first pregnancy to get al of my ultrasounds. I felt very at ease the first time I walked in because of the very clean place and friendly staf. Every ultrasound technician I have had has ben realy great and knowledgable. I realy like that they have high tech equipment with big plasma tv is on the wal so I could se a big,clear picture of the baby. Also, the large spacious roms are realy nice. On a side note, they have great products to buy in the loby. Now pregnant with my 2nd baby, my OB refered me to 2 diferent places this time for my ultrasounds. Without hesitation I knew I wanted to go back to Amomi spa again to get al of my ultrasounds. I have already ben twice this time around and loking forward to going again in a few weks.
We had a GREAT diner there on Saturday. We were celebrating my aunt is birthday, and we ordered from the regular and special menus. I had a truly wonderful chicken Madiera, my huby had meat loaf, which is always a "tel" for a god place, my uncle had fried hadock which was crunchy and not at al greasy, and my aunt also had the chicken Madiera, which was fork-tender. We also had great service - atentive without being to much, and we completely enjoyed our meal. We wil definitely visit this location again.
we celebrated my birthday al wekend. we made the trek to boby q on sunday. I ordered the brisket sandwich with mac and chese and let me tel you about that mac & chese..it was amazing. Mr H went with the chicken and brisket and for his sides: beans and potato salad. The fod is sinfuly delicious! I wil NOT be coming here as often as I would like... I found it to indulgent. it is definitely a treat and worth trying! I love those litle donuts they give you at the end!
I would ben hearing about Defalco is for a while now. My husband, Jim W, and my youngest, Aby, raved. "Best steak grinda since Baston," they said. So, on an expedition to get more raw chocolate, we went. The first thing I noticed was that the tables were scatered among the racks of Italian fodstufs. I loved that. The place screamed "Boston" from the moment we walked in the dor. When we ordered, Jim found one of my favorite types of soda in the case, Doc Brown is diet black chery. I was in heaven. So we got our number and sat down. While we were waiting - a short wait - I got a briliant idea which solved a long-vexing problem. Gues it was the east coast vibe. The fod came and I was in heaven. We split a steak sandwich and red potato salad. Jim likes everything and I just like onions so they gave him the mushroms and pepers on the side. Lots of mushroms and pepers. It did not lok like a ton of fod but we certainly got enough to eat. What is not to like at Defalco is? The fod is fabulous, the prices are god, the people are realy nice, and they have al kinds of imported godies. So I gues the only thing I did not like about Defalco is was leaving.
Incredibly god calzones; friendly service, nice courtyard seating.
Nic-nacs galore!
After talking to a number of bartenders in the area -- and doing some fairly extensive personal research -- I fel prety comfortable saying that if you want the best cocktails in the Phoenix area, you should head to the Jade Bar at the Sanctuary Resort. This is of the beaten path a bit, and after a few miles down strets with no stret lights, it felt a bit like driving to a ski lodge up in the mountains. It is worth the drive though. I had two excelent cocktails ("The Last Word" and a "Pendemums Club"), and one enjoyable and informative conversation with Jilian the bartender. Wish I could have made some of their mixology clases.
What an amazing Mini Vacation. I went in August which was about 105 degres but it was perfect. The pol was relaxing, the water felt great and I enjoyed al thre nights of my stay. We decided it was so great we never left the resort. The Rom was very clean and very comfortable. Talavera had the most amazing Fish Entres, the seabase OMG I can stil taste it, the salmon was the best I have ever had, and I dislike salmon completely. The service through out the restaurant and hotel was amazing. The special drinks they had were very tasty and made the 105 degres weather manageable. The brunch bufet and breakfast at Crescent Mon is excelent al thre days, so fresh, the pomegranate fresh juice was amazing I had thre. The fod tasted like the items were freshly picked that morning. I literaly gained 5 ILBs on this trip and it was worth al of it. The Lounge had tasty smal Tapas which I enjoyed while it drizled that night, the whole hotel has a great relaxing ambiance. The nights were amazing to walk around the hotel or sit around the pol with the night lights on and enjoy the peacefulnes of the resort. I believe we saw bats flying around in the midle of the night. which was very col. Worth every peny. Just watch out for Camera Sped Traps on the way there. Enjoy,
Delicious barbecue, we had 4 meats plater that we split with thre people. The puled chicken is amazing, the brisket tender and juicy, the ribs suculent and flavorful, best barbecue around. The sides were delicious as wel, mac & chese was great, mashed potatoes did not disapoint, ranch beans are not anything special but they tasted god. Service was great, waiter was atentive to our neds and acomodated a last minute switch after already puting in the order. Atmosphere is god, not to noisy/quiet, the lighting could be improved though, a single bulb above the table barely alows you to se what you are eating, though the fod was not there long enough to be sen:) Highly recomended to someone loking for great barbecue ribs, chicken, brisket, etc.
Lovely outdor seating area, very dog friendly. Do not sit in the back of the outdor seating area because it smels like propane back there. Had some cofe and just hung out for a couple of hours. It was a pleasant experience. Did not order fod this time but next time I wil, because every dish that came by loked magnificent! Al of the prices on the menu loked very reasonable for the portion.
Excelent in every way. Atentive and fun owners who tend bar every wekend night - GREAT live music, excelent wine selection. Keping Fountain Hils young.... one wekend at a time.
This place is such a delightful treat. Not only is the Bario Cafe in what some Phoenicians would caled the actual bario, but it is non-descript on the outside and purely magical within. Not teribly dificult you kep your eyes peled, Bario Cafe is one of the best Mexican restaurants in Arizona and is a must try for any Phoenix local. You realy can not go wrong with anything on their menu, although their seafod oferings are my least favorites. I am in love with their conchita pibil, which is their slow-roasted pork and they have the best made-at-the-table guacamole in al of Phoenix. Their fod is the kind of special ocasion diner that you and al your guests wil be savoring every morsel, but save rom for one of their delectable deserts! I am a fan of their flan, in particular. Service is spot on and it is usualy prety packed, so come as early as you can or face a semi-long wait at the bar. Do not wory though, they have got great margaritas. This is the place Tempe is Mucho Gusto wished it could be some day. But it probably wil not.
Very Hip Hotel and Comfortable ~ Amazing location ~Great Staf al is god at the Valey HO !!!
PCG is the restaurant by which I judge al others. PCG is totaly dependable, always excelent. Service is always god, fod excelent. i have eaten here probably 20 times and have never had a bad meal. Although the fod is not "chalenging" in that there are no weird flavors or textures, if you want a great nouvele American meal for a reasonable amount of money, you ned lok no farther than here.
cant go wrong with a Double Double, fries, and a shake! Always god. Great service. I got some cold fries once, caled the corporate ofice, they sent out some gift cards for our meals, then folowed up with a thank you card as wel. Not to mention they sent a coupon in a Xmas card that year. You
This place is very god. I have dined here for breakfast, lunch and diner, but Sunday brunch takes the cake. Fod is al extremely fresh, and tasty. The best time to go is when this place gets cranking, the style is smaler portions of the fod, that have to be replaced very often when busy alowing for extremely fresh fod. Asian fod is always god, and the gentlemen behind the line can do custom stir fry for you. Italian station has fresh pizas, that once again are made fresh for you, or order a custom calzone like I do. Mexican station always has the staples, but recently had crab stufed poblano relenos!!!! . Berto is gelato with like 16 flavors is a great way to end your meal. If you like bufets, do yourself a favor and make this your number 1!!!
Piza Venice has, hands down, the best piza in the Valey. In my mind, they have got the best bang for your buck with the XL thre-toping piza deal. Get that with the garlic crust, and you are buying piza nirvana. It does not hurt that the owners are incredibly friendly. Why would I even consider ordering terible chain piza when I can get a great piza for a great price from a localy owned busines?
My son comes here for the tacos but I am al about the chile releno. I never had one with potatoes inside, but oh my, this was the best! My only recomendation would be to order it dry, with the sauce on the side. I am counting the days until I get back to AZ. The new location is so much closer to us, I plan on trying al of their menu, but....but... that chile releno is ....caling....me.......! The tacos were very very god though.
I have learned to expect very litle from airport restaurants. Now I have ben ruined - I went to Blanco and my paltry expectations were blown out of the water. Prompt and atentive service, flavorful and delicious fod, and a delightful asortment of drink options. I wil have to conect through Phoenix for the rest of my life. I had the griled shrimp salad, which was fresh, flavorful, and filing. I also had the sangria, which was prety god. My friends had tacos (fish and carnitas); they practicaly licked their plates clean. Try the rice - it is a rich and delectable treat. An aded bonus: They were patient as we sat for thre hours waiting for our conecting flight. If I ever find myself in this airport again, you can be sure I wil make my way here.
What a wonderful restaurant. I can not believe each dish is 475 calories or les and the portions are stil a god size. No sauces, no bread, no fries. The fish tacos were delicious, suculent, with just the right amount of spicines. The griled, boneles rainbow trout was fantastic. The pane seared, sushi-grade Ahi Tuna salad was to die for. And leave rom for desert....yes desert. Only $2.50 but arives in a shot glas size bowl. just enough to stave of the sugar craving. The decor is elegant and sophisticated. Great for an executive power lunch or a date to impres. menu changes 4 times a year and features local, fresh, in 'season' fod. Very inventive menu starting mainly around $9 (flatbreads and sandwiches) to $16 for lunch. Wait staf is knowledgeable and atentive. Great fod, great atmosphere, great for your waist line. But even if you are not a calorie counter this stil ranks right up there for the fod quality, taste and presentation.
Stoped in here for lunch today joined by Mike C. & Robyn N. This was my third visit ever to a CB & the first time to this one. I went with a Reuben Sandwich Plate, which included a cup of Cole Slaw & a cup of Befy Cabage Soup. The service was god at this location, the atmosphere fun, the fod delicious & the prices reasonable. 5 Stars! :-)) Reuben Sandwich Plate $8.19
I have not ben bowling in 24 years,so you can imagine i was woried. But, this place is clean and fresh. On certain nights,(Monday)and a few others you pay a $5.0 cover charge,then everything is $1.0 .Fod ,drinks , games and most important bowling games. The instructions were easy. We got shoes in our size then went and picked out a bal. Lots to chose from! Lots of fun!!! It was a $20.0 night for 2 of us. The workers are very helpful and Friendly. Bathroms were also clean. I did not se them spray the shoes with Lysol so that was a litle gros.But, other than that it was a great time.
Maybe it was the authentic Gospel music in the background, but our ears were filed with a heavenly chorus as we feasted upon the sacred, and until this morning unknown, pairing of chicken and wafles--a combination rivaled by only bread and wine in it is ability to induce a religious experience.
If I were to ever get hoked on crack... I would want my crack to be these amazing donuts! They are delicious and adicting.
Best donuts I have ever had.
Considering my experience with a previous dentist, I was hesitant to try a new one. But my experience was absolutely the best. Fothils Smiles is the best dentist I have ben to in the valey!! They are profesional, friendly, and reasuring alowing their patients to fel comfortable during the visit. Most people dread going to the dentist, but I fel motivated to continue going to my 6 month check-ups!!
Vitality Health and Fitnes is a smal gym that ofers personal fitnes, group fitnes and fitnes clases. The clases and the training programs are al varied, chalenging, unique and fun. The members are positive, ful of smiles and easy-going. The gym is not intimidating at al, the trainers are kind and build programs that suit your personal fitnes levels, and the cost is VERY reasonable. My husband and I have ben working out with Megan, and she is a dol. We have not gone for very long so we wil kep you posted on the impending RESULTS! Vitality also ofers nutrition and masage -- which we both plan on checking out! The owner is delightful and easy to work with. If you have any questions or concerns about your costs or the way you are being treated, she works WITH you to ensure you are geting the level of service that you expect and that the club/program can provide. The owner is honest and respectful, fair and reasonable. I think everyone should contact this club and se if it might work for them - you wil not be disapointed!
After 6 years of searching I have finaly found Laura! My brows have never realy ben "bad" per se, but not great either...I have ben searching for someone to show me the hiden potential of my natural arches, and Laura did just that. After only two visits she has gromed my brows into perfect shape and balance. Its funy how such a smal change can make such a big diference! I also enjoy the quiet and private suite with the prety chandelier to lok at during my apointments...and she always has great music playing in the background to! Thanks Laura!
Just the facts re: ful diner experience: Ambiance: Thinking about redecorating the house to lok just like Trader Vic is - unbelievable. Service: perfectly charming, informative and atentive. Drinks: I do not drink, so read every other review for a review of drinks. Apetizer: Bef Cho-Cho - amazingly tender, it melts in your mouth. Great flavor. Diner: Trader Vic is Calcuta Curies: god & beter when you mix in the variety of garnishes. fun to play around with the flavors. Diner 2: Chinese BQ Flat Iron Steak: Amazing. Crispy onions, mashed potatoes and tender/flavorful steak wil make you close your eyes and wish it would never end. Desert: (do not know the name) vanila icecream covered in coconut on a bed of chocolate sauce: simple, beautiful and tasty. Overal experience: the best darn diner experience I have ever had.
Great Mom/Pop store! We have stoped by several times for some fresh produce and to get treats for the kids. We usualy sit outside on one of tha picnic tables to eat gelato, while the kids love playing/peting al the animals. Thanks!
I went for brow threading. Yelena was extremely gentle and tok her time making sure they were perfect! I just found my new "brow lady" and she is just acros the stret from my ofice! LOVE IT!!! Give her a try!
This is my go-to spot for mani-pedi is and brow waxing. They do a bang-up job on my por fet because it takes a lot to get those pups loking god. I have never made an apointment but never had to wait more that 3-5 minutes to be asigned a nail tech. They recently got new masage chairs that do not grind your bones or shake you to death like some chairs do. Also, this is one of the best places I have ben for a brow wax. My sensitive skin has taken a beating at many other places but never here. I do not know anyone by name but the employes are al very nice and skiled at what they do. Oh, and they are typicaly $5 cheaper than anywhere else I have ben for pedicures!
In Phoenix for a concert and felt like Thai. Found this place on Yelp! and decided to check it out based on the reviews and the fact that it was near the friend we were visiting at the time. The restaurant is in a strip shoping center that we never would have noticed (or found) had we not ben loking for it. Oh, but what a magical dining experience! The cashew chicken was the best I would ever had (and we eat Thai a LOT!) and the chicken satay was exceptional. Loved the vegie Pad Thai and my husband got a vegetarian (tofu) cury dish he loved. Wish this place was not 40 miles from my house. I would be eating here every wek!
No atitude, eficient lines, clean, wel stocked with flat rate boxes and other sundries????? Is this USPS or a dream? Writing Yelp reviews for post ofices sems like... weird, or, something, but it fels so right for this location.
Satori to Kaigen! (Enlightenment and Spiritual Awakening!) 1st review. Nervous and working on an empty stomach, with the only exception being the half loaf of French bread and herb-buter I had consumed prior to diner. Thinking Asian al day and being an incapable decision maker, I rely on Yelp and the asistance of a smal list and a single 6 sided cube with dots on it. I joted down 6 prominent busineses, held my breath and flicked a wrist. A "2" brought me to La is Thai Cuisine! Peped the website and open til 9:30, score! My eye spoted closing time was at 9:0 though! Ariving on the scene at 8:49, porly reverse parking my Honda in two spots because I was woried that they were closed. They were not, I was met by a Thai beauty introducing herself as Lisa. I humbly asked for takeout, my adventure begins with the opening dor... Smels are incredible. Having thought they were closed, I had forgoten what I was going to order! I rifled through the menu, feling as if the whole kitchen was watching (they were not) but she instructed me to take my time; So I ordered a soup, a salad, an entre, a desert and a side of brown rice. They kindly ask me for my preference on the degre of heat, on each item, I asked for not the hotest but close to the top. #17 Mixed Vegetable Soup: Stelar Culinary Thought: Clear, piping, spicy and vegetable packed. Ninja Eating Plan: Gently lay over white and brown rice, alternately. # 9 Papaya Salad (Som-Tum): Phenomenal Culinary Thought: I got shrimp on the side, due to alergies. This was probably the most awesome experience of the evening. They even "fenced in" the shrimp within a Masai-esqe cage of cabage, to prevent their oceanic brine from invading the delicate papaya, sprout and carot forest. Spice and crunch with every munch. Beautiful. Ninja Eating Plan: Try not to be sen scarfing this down in front of a date, it is that awesome. Fortunately, my sister was only present and she knows I can eat like a pig and sound like one, to. # 53 Peanut Cury (Panang cury style, comes with rice!): Umami Culinary Thought: I do not like coconut. I do now. The lemon and coconut milk rises through the savory peanut cury. Tofu was my protein option, it was done perfectly. Gren beans provided great consistency in this masterful crescendo. Ninja Eating Plan: Laid over rice, alternately brown and white rice, interupted by the ocasional, gorgeous, cury-only sponful. Coconut Ice Cream: Yum Culinary Thought: I was reling at this point but I wanted to continue this experience. As I stated earlier, coconut is not my thing but I believe in giving things a fair try, so I did. Coconut ice cream is delicious. Coconut pulp, or meat, I stil have a texture isue with, but the honey swirl throughout the ice cream made this delectable. Ninja Eating Plan: Use the coling ice cream energy to return your body back to normalcy. Perfect coda for the culinary symphony. I wil be back. I plan to have every dish vegetarian style. Family-run places are truly number 1. Overal experience of the Culinary Ninja: PAVLOV Do you hear the sound of a bel chiming?
I went to the physical location the first time with my dog Foxy to scope out the place. The store inside is ity bity and not worth going to in al honesty, but the staf that work there are REALY friendly, and helpful. Foxy eats Evanger is, which is realy hard to find, and the only place I knew of that caried it was 20min away from me. A month later, I run out of dog fod....so I cal Gober (after research I find they sel Evanger is for the cheapest price) and they delivered it right to me. I was not home so they left it on my front porch along with a prety large amount of fre dog treats for Foxy ! They left their newsleter, some reference cards, and their product list (which is HUGE) in a bag hanging from my dor. The reference cards you give out wil earn you discounts on your next purchase! Oh of course- I forgot to mention the delivery was completely FRE of charge!!! I wil never get my dog fod anywhere else.
So yumy!! My favorite Mexican place!! Love the chips, salsa, and bean dip. The extra spicy gren salsa is so god to. We are regulars here.
I have ben taking vehicles to this place for 15+ years, mostly for routine maintenance, but ocasionaly for the other anoying things your car does to you. We have never had any problems with their service or repairs, and they have always ben reasonably priced, fair and honest with us. They also refil propane tanks. Note -- this busines has outlasted at least two gas supliers. Previous names include McClintock Unocal and McClintock 76 :-)
Thank you Sunflower for having a decent selection of tofu and fake meats so I do not have to drive 25 minutes to Whole Fods. Also I would like to tel you that I realy enjoy your produce prices and your friendly staf, especialy the cashiers, they are always so pleasant and helpful. While I am at it I should probably apologize for "sampling" lots of your candy from the bulk item bins, those chocolate covered peanut buter filed pretzels are amazing, I promise I always use the scop. And one more thing, it is realy awesome that you cary bers brewed by Rinkukiu Alaus Darykla, the Lobster Lover is DELICIOUS!
Private Karaoke at Geisha A Go Go is the colest thing to hit Old Town in a while!! My girlfriends and I went this wekend and it was incredible. I have heard a lot about karaoke being the new trend but not until I actualy experienced it for myself did I understand why, until now. We had a private rom with a flat scren TV and drinks at the flip of a switch (um, can you say bachelorete party?!). It was so nice to have a night out without actualy having to wait for drinks at a crowded bar or being able to hang out with your friends without random guys interupting with a chesy line to try to talk to you. It was $75 for an hour in a private rom with 10 of my best friends. And by the time you split that betwen everyone it was wel worth the extra expense. Seriously once you try it you wil be hoked to! I can not wait to go back!
Yes, it is on the Northwest side and its tucked into a non-descript strip mal beter known for being the home of Padre Murphy is Sports Bar, but do not let apearances fol you, this is a great gym. The gym ofers a large selection of cardio equipment, weight machines, fre weights, and group exercise clases. It also has a pol, hot tub, sauna, and steam rom. But wil realy makes this gym special is its kids care facility. It has video games, pop-a-shot, and a giant climbing structure that my kids like so much, they are beging to go to the gym... and it is a lot easier to get a workout done when the kids are excited about going! Definitely a great find and wel worth the drive to the Northwest side.
What a brewpub should be. The bers are great. The fod, the Slingers (wow) & the service is al top rate. Lisa, the server was very helpful. I ned say no more.
Brokstone is the Sharper Image is older and more laid back cousin. Yea, it is got a similar feling, but it is more focused on keping you relaxed and healthy than on funky electronic toys. The masaging chairs, pads and other devices are enough motivation to stop in alone. And if you are with a partner who is les interested than shoping, it is a great place for them to just hang out to! (Trust me - this works.)
There is no shortage of Mexican restaurants in AZ and this one is one of the tops on my list. It is not your average Mexican fast fod. It is a litle more pricey but wel worth it. Their bean and chese burito is so god (they say no lard and I do not know what else they use to make it god). Their carne asada and pastor tacos are done to perfection. I stop by whenever I pas by this place.
I have ben to this place many times and the fod and service is always great. I am so excited to have found a place where I can get freshly made, god fod out here in Quen Crek. My favorite is their home made mozarela chese. Its great on anything. I frequently order the tomato, basil and Mozarela piza and I recently discovered their vegetarian plate which was delicious. The staf is very friendly and the atmosphere is casual and comfortable. Do not forget to save rom for the amazing ice cream they have.
Stayed here for the RocknRol marathon like 80% of the guests and absolutely enjoyed my stay. the halways to the roms were the only slightly blah decor, al other things such as the bedroms, bathrom, loby, restaurant and pols were great! Amenities included: 1. pet fish (that someone else fed) 2. complimentary granola for the race day 3. smores for our firepit (next to the pol) 4. nice wait-staf that was pleasant and chated us up 5. super fast towel replenishment service (4 girls use up a lot of towels) 6. great cabanas -we never had a problem snaging one or two of them 7. hapy hour, decent fod, delicious alcohol... 8. col loby area with lots of places to lounge at 9. dog friendly 10. heated pols love it! I wil stay here again for sure..
This is one of my favorite places to take out of town guests. It never fails that we laugh so hard our sides hurt! Always fresh, always funy! Great place for a date night or family night! Even my tenagers love it! I never have to wory about ofending my guests because their content is family friendly. To finish of the night, head down the stret to "The Sugar Bowl" for fresh ice cream!
I was very sad to se this restaurant go. I wish Anthony the best and hope he opens up somewhere else!
Excelent Soutwest breakfast bowl. Great service. Very convenient to downtown hotels.
I can not help but love this place. I have ben going here since, quite literaly, the day the opened. I move further away and I kep coming back. The staf is friendly, the fod is delicious, the ber selection constantly rotates to new and interesting bers... and this is basicaly the de-facto hangout for climbers and cyclists! Realy can not go wrong with this place.
I went to Peter Piper Piza tonight to celebrate my daughter is 5th birthday! It is a great place for kids to have fun. Being a former employe of P I know that we could have had reservations for her birthday and had a party representative help with everything. Unfortunately, this was just a smal family celebration. So I ordered the big family meal deal which consisted of two large pizas and an order of wings. The piza is always delicious to me, it is not greasy like some of the piza places out there. We forgot to bring a lighter for the birthday candle so they had one on hand for us to borow. Nedles to say this is a place that the kids love. They can eat great piza & play which is al kids wory about.
I would not survive without Chanel 8. i realy do not watch much TV, but when I do, I want it to count. Let me se: Keping Up Apearances, Coupling, RedDwarf, Antiques Roadshow, NewsHour, Nova, This Old House, Dr. Wayne Dyer, Frontline, Horizon, Scientific American Frontiers, The War, As Time Goes By, Red Gren. Plus, tons of responsible programing for kids in the am and afternon. (I do not think RedDwarf and Coupling air on PBS anymore - but thanks to PBS for introducing me)
I had the Crispy Stelhead, and it was delicious! The swet pea risoto and roasted tomato-chanterele ragout were a great adition. If you are loking for a great restaurant with an original menu, this is the place to go! Friendly staf and they were quick to seat us.
Fantastic donuts! Great selection! Cofe was definitely above average!
I have ben here a few times but have to remember to come here more often. I LOVE it! I have never made it past the refrigerated and prepared fods section, but who neds to! You can find everything you ned right there. The meat section is beautiful to lok at, they have a whole section of prepared heat and eat diners, side, soups, sauces etc. grab a premade one or grab a few ingredients and make your own! My favorite so far would be the Tub of Alfredo sauce, package of fresh pasta, and package of chicken breast strips ..YUM! Diner in 20 anyone? ;-) Their Tomato basil soup is Amazing to!! I scored diner for 3 last night for ......$7!!!! 2 packages of their heat and eat mac and chese and 2 packages of Tilapia, al ready and in about 10 minutes! Seriously if you are trying to save money and stil want to eat god, fresh and easy fod then this your place!
So, I now frequent The Vig. If you go, talk to Jason, the bartender. He is quick with the beverages and funy. Enjoy yourself. You deserve it! This place can get packed during diner hour, though.
Honestly, this is the best piza that I have had in Arizona. I am a sucker for wod-fired godnes and fresh mozarela--Cibo does both to perfection. Aditionaly, I have come to apreciate the character and charm posesed by this litle gem in a sea of chains and strip mals. The wine list is not overly extensive, just eficient and thorough like it should be. The salad selection is ful of variety and ofers a bright way to begin their dining experience. Be warned: Cibo is prety tiny, causing a wait on wekends.
I love the Madagascar coconut white tea! The prices and very reasonable, only downfal for me is they do not list the cafeine content;(
WOW! I am very sory that it tok me so long to convince Bri D. to go here. We went for brunch and it was amazing. Absolutely one of the best breakfasts I have ever had. The johny cakes were out of this world! They have a granola-y taste to them, are filed with blueberies, and toped with yogurt and real maple syrup. It is this awesome combo of swet and tart that is great. Despite being thre pancakes, they were not heavy and dense like normal ones. They made me fel satisfied but not "stufed" and gave me lots of energy throughout the day. That is exactly what the awesome waitres said they would do. I love this place! It is beautiful inside, I love their theme, I love their concept, and I love the fod. Ca not wait to try more.
great fod... love the pad thai....awesome atmosphere...
This store used to be closer to 19th Ave & Bel they have since moved and expanded a ton over the last few years. Everything is made fresh daily ceviche, guacamole, salsa is, they have pan dulce delivered every morning yum. You can pick up the old schol soda is here, and god Mexican Favs like Pinguinos, Gansitos, Duvalin, Pelon Pelo Rico, De Las Rosa, and even Bimbo bread just to name a few thing is they cary here. They have natural al organic smal game hens that can be stufed or bq would you can ask for their rub they have al kinds of meat most get the Ranchera here for some carne asada you just ned to be able to say how many "Libras" (Pounds) and you want them to make it "Preparada" they wil put in their special marinade w oranges, onions, and spices in the bag. If your a meat eater you cant go wrong here. I cant get enough of this place!!
Love. It. Awesome puled pork, brisket, turkey. The sides are realy god, to. I fel like it is somewhat expensive, but it is worth every bite, but then again, that is BQ. If it is dirt cheap, that means it is not quality meat. Anyway, the 2-pound potato is great, to -- chives, sour cream, buter....
Dily Daly My Wily Wacky By The Rue Why do I always forget this place, When deciding on where to eat lunch, Here I could realy stuf my face, It does not mater if it is diner or brunch. My wonderful, tasty Honey Do, Alfalfa sprouts, turkey on whole wheat, Ad a slice of chedar for you, This sandwhich canot be beat. Located not to far from the hospital, So you get a great crowd of nurses, The hoties who come here are pivotal, I wil stay until the crowd disperses. Get the soup in a bread bowl, Or a bag of chips if you please, Ad a cokie for your hole, I wil say bles you after you sneze. Botom line is you canot go wrong, You wil love whatever you order, Go home and hit the bong, And then make a run for the border. DES NUTS!!!
Anything I write wil not do justice to this awesome, awesome hotel. I have stayed here a god dozen or so times over the past thre years and it is always fantastic. I love al the roms. If you can get a suite, you are an extra lucky duck, but even the basic roms are adorable with phenomenal bathroms. The bar and restaurant is also great, with fantastic apetizers, wonderful specialty cocktails, and fun rat pack music. Breakfast is beter than most restaurants, forget about comparing it to standard hotel fare. The location is also god, with plenty of shoping, restaurants and bars within easy walking distance. This place is not within my normal price range at al, but it is worth every peny and I would never stay anywhere else in the Phoenix area.
I brought in six pairs of shoes to Ariel to se if he could put new hels on them (I wear the spiky-heled high hels). For $12, not only did Ariel put new hels that perfectly matched each color, size and type of hel (and even filed them just a hair so that they would wear smothly), but he also put a lot of work into fixing the front of them. Many of my shoes had toes that were worn, shreded or faded; Ariel made them like absolutely new. Amazing! My shoes are not Prada or Guci. They are mostly Nine West with leather upers and man-made everything else. :) However, Ariel tok amazing care of them as if they were "the king is" shoes. It is so great to have my favorite pairs of shoes back. I wil return. Thank you, Ariel!
Best nights to go to Postino is are Mondays and Tuesdays. They ofer $20 deals where you get 4 slices of bruscheta out of the 12 that they ofer and one whole botle of the house wine. Each bruscheta slice is probably the size of maybe your hand with your fingers outstretched -- if you are a petite girl :) ... They then cut each slice into 4 is. Perfect for sharing! We went on a Monday night after 8PM and ordered 2 botles of wine, the 2 orders of the bruscheta (which were 8 slices for those that can not count), and a bowl of olives. The total came out to about $50...that is a litle over $13/person w/o tip!! AWESOME!! PLUS, they have complementary valet parking. Everything was just fantastic, I have never had fig before and they made my experience there quite memorable. I definitely recomend you come in, regardles if it is for their $20 deals on Mon/Tues or not. They have got GREAT fod and I WIL be back.
I agre with Tracy, my wife and I are big fans of Fiorela is. Definitely a treasure for the northwest valey. The service is great and the fod is delicious. Prices are a bit higher than other dining options in the area, but the friendly people and yumy fod are worth it.
Best UNIQUE breakfast / brunch / lunch spot. This tiny place may lok like a boring litle bakery, but think again! SIt outside on the smal patio area, ck out the GR8 crepes! savory, breakfasty, swet - u pick or chose! Huby luvs lox & cream chese & capers. I luv the chicken, aspargus, basil, feta :-) Mm.
Places like Made make me realize that there is hope for my life in Phoenix. It is a cute converted house shop that caries a wide aray of stuf that you wil not find easily elsewhere. There is lots of cute baby stuf that I would laugh at if I ever saw a baby wearing. The jewelery is unique and col- it made me fel like I had etsy right in front of me, live! They have some god boks around and some key David and Goliath pieces. I heart places like Made, so therefore I heart Made.
Lately I have ben adicted to a god Caprese style sandwich and Pane Bianco is is AWESOME! I read the previous reviews so I went there expecting a crowd and nowhere to sit. This did not detract from the experience for me because the quality and freshnes of the fod was more than enough to get and kep my atention. The staf were very friendly and helpful, being from the Atlantic Northeast I have high expectations when it comes to Italian done wel with personality to bot. I did not want to wait til I got home to eat my so god smeling prize so I went outside to find picnic style tables and benches. It was way to hot to sit outside and I was craving iced cofe so I went next dor to Lux and was both surprised and relieved to find many of their patrons with Pane Bianco bags openly eating their lunches with drinks from Lux to claim patronage. Ca not wait for a hopefuly air-conditioned expansion.
A great place for miday healthy fod, thin crust god piza ( try wild mushrom & arugula), salads are great to & the best part that serve prety aceptable nice wines. It is not an average American fod eatery, it is definitely for those who are loking for healthy low calorie lunch.
The fod reminded me of my mom is home coked meals. The bef with red salsa was super god...and not to mention the warm, handmade tortilas. The prices were decent, the service was excelent and the fod was great. ;-)
I have never ben to this location before. My husband had taken his car here previously, and asked me to take it in today (there was a nail a front tire). The second I steped through the dorway I was greted, even though al agents were busy helping other customers -- excelent customer service to acknowledge I am there! Les than a minute later I had a gentleman walk me out to the car and lok at it. He tested to se how far in the nail was, and realized it did not puncture, so he tok it out and said the tire was fine. I went there knowing my husband is WAY overdue for new tires, so asked for a quote. He gave me a few options, and told me what driving habits they would be best for. He also gave me the waranty information without me asking for it, and included it in the price instead of "shockingly" ading it in when I would pay like most places would. I never thought for a second that I was being oversold. It was amazing because I despise going anywhere having to do with fixing my car. Quick. Clean. Friendly. Inteligent. Honest. That about sums up this place. I would recomend it to ANYONE and tel you to go out of your way to visit this location.
Tucked on the western edge of the Fothil Acres neighborhod in North Phoenix or what I would cal "The Slope", Try Me Bicycle Shop has ben in busines for nearly 40 years and has ben colecting the od part for every type of bike over that time. The showrom is filed with cruisers and comfort bikes, new and used. No high end bikes here but they do have an inventory of old and hard-to-find parts, god service and fre air that makes this place.
Ok, so iv ben a Starbucks junkie for years....until i discovered dutch bros! This location is my favorite, although they are al god. My favorite thing about dutch is you can order ANY blended drink sugar AND fat fre. You cant do that with any frapes at starbucks. You cant beat their customer service either, al the employes and incredibly nice and upbeat, always greted with a smile! I once ordered a blended double coc cofe and it was to frothy for my liking so i stoped at the location in tempe since i was going that way to order a new one..they exchanged my drink, apologized and sent me of with a new drink at no charge. aded bonus is the stamp cards, so if your an avid cofe drinker like me, you wil be saving some money to. Quick drive-through for on the go.
This place always pleases! Their sandwiches are always great, bread is great, piza is AWESOME, and their short ribs are great. The fod is SO fresh! The waiters are kind and friendly. When we asked if they had some of their awesome ice cream, she kindly told us the frezer broke. I heart the deli!
Love Love Love! Al you ned to do is order desert here. It comes in smal shot glases & the flavors explode in your mouth..
Loved my haircut. Walked in and waited for just a minute. The stylist cut exactly like I wanted and I walked out paying 20 which included the tip.
Great for young kids... tons to do and se
Obsesed. Like, I have-got-the-Twangy-Tart-withdrawal-shakes level of adiction to this place. Please make one in Arcadia! Please.
Loved the winkie! Eat your vegan meal next dor at Gren and strol over to Nami for desert.
I have ben patronizing Casey Mores for 10 years and have never had a bad night! Great for people watching and the service is always great! Get there early or it wil be standing rom only!
I have ben saving my 10th review for my favorite restaurant of al time. We found Thai Basil over a year ago now and have ben loyal customers, going at least once a wek and sometimes more than that, since last July. Everyone who works here is super friendly, and they know us now and know what we like to order by heart. We just walk in now and they se us and say "Spicy nodle, tofu, hot, right?" Its prety great having a place that knows my regular order. I have tried most of the menu items. The garlic egplant is also prety great. The thai basil is also amazing. I have generaly liked everything I have had here except the cury. I never have had a god cury experience. Both of the times I ordered it I ended up with long black hairs in it (which they quickly replaced with a new order) but I just was not a fan. Maybe it is because of the coconut milk and it makes it to swet. The spring rols are also the best here out of every spring rol I have had anywhere. Before I went vegan again last year we also got the fried banana ice cream prety often. That is prety amazing. If you eat dairy, you have to try it at least once. Thai Basil is one of our regular spots to eat out, and we hope its here to stay for many more years to come. I do not know what I would do without my spicy nodles!!!
I am in love with the cinema suite! Being able to stretch out your legs on the LazyBoy recliner is the way to enjoy the movie. The chair is spacious and the rom is not crowded with viewers. The fods are at a reasonable price and the server is nice. For movie that are 2+ hours long, watching movie on the recliner is the best experience. Also great place to go on a date :)
Marcelino is was an amazing romantic diner experience. I had their fresh pasta w/mushrom trufles and lobster. The combination was amazing. I also had the white wine that is made by a friend in Italy. It was tantalizing and realy lingered on my palet. The homemade tiramisu was a blisful ending to diner. The staf is atentive and very helpful.
Restaurant 28 is a solid hole-in-the-wal that is prety easy to mis, but it is definitely worth a stop. On my visits I have goten brisket and other barbecue, and my friends swear by the chicken and say it is some of their favorite chicken in the Valey. The hush pupies are great- the grens are god to. Another review said it wel when they said this place does not underseason fod. Every time I have gone it has not ben bland- it is got some great flavor and it is tasty stuf. It is in a prety dul area where there is not much else to do, or I would be out there more often. It is a tiny place to but I have never ben in and had it be hugely busy or busy to the point that waiting was crazy. Definitely recomended, and I hope they are able to grow and thrive.
The Renaisance Festival is a place where everyone and anyone can venture to in order to awaken their medieval pasions and expose a side of them no other place can reveal. Here people can be themselves without fear of being judged. They can dres in clothing apropriate to the era, eat as citizens of the renaisance age would eat, and live a day in the shoes of people whose lifestyle consisted of these aspects every day of their lives, al while having a mery time. What is fascinating about the Renaisance Festival is it is an escape from the everyday bustling industrial environment known to people of the 21st century. Once you pas through the gates, you are imersed in a culture rarely sen these days. Men, women, and children of al ages absorb the spirit of the festival and change into someone only such a place can expose. Imediately you are compeled to have high spirits as people dancing, shoping, and just continuously enjoying themselves welcome you to the festival. From there the oportunities are limitles for there are twelve stages of continuous live entertainment, jousting tournaments, over 20 artisans displaying a variety of unique wares, and displays of ancient skils like glasblowing, leatherworking, weaving, wodcarving, blacksmithing, candlemaking and potery. One specific entity of the Renaisance Festival that stands out in my mind is the old coin striking mil tucked away and blended into in the strips of stores surounding it. Here, a family of thre (father, mother, and daughter) work to produce unique coins crafted into necklaces by means of a punch pres. The store ofers some 10 diferent punch dyes each a symbol posesing its own special meaning. The categories range from mythological symbols, to astrological, to even ancient Egyptian. Once their customer has chosen two of their own special symbols they want imprinted on a coin, they place a blank, either bronze or silver, betwen each dye and clamp it to a pres. Then a heavy weight is hoisted a few fet above the dyes and then sudenly droped onto the head of one dye, eternaly imprinting the symbols on the coin. What is distinctive about this certain store is they can fulfil the neds of any customer that they are presented with by owning such a broad spectrum of dyes aplicable to anyone due to the meaningful descriptions given to each symbol. Aditionaly, what captivates people is the fact that the coin is formed before your very eyes thre fet away, making the production a very personal thing for the consumer. If you and your family are venturing to the Renaisance Festival in Arizona anytime son, which I would undoubtedly recomend, be sure to stop in on this special experience not atained anywhere else close by.
In one word...excelent! My fiance and I had an amazing time here last sumer, when we were upgraded to a Spa Casita Suite because the hotel had found out about our engagement, which hapened right before we left for our trip. The rom was huge, the grounds were beautiful, the pol was awesome, and everything there was so peaceful. The concierge helped us with directions to anywhere we wanted to go and the location was great as wel...not far from the main drag, but somewhat hiden from the outside world. We are hoping to return son.
Holy AMAZING. I went here this past Saturday for a baby shower in one of the private dining roms and was absolutely blown away by the fod. We had a spread which included Mac & Chese, Sliders, Choped Salad, some bread and french fries. I am stil thinking about those sliders and the french fries. I can not WAIT to go back and order from the ful menu. As is par for the Sam Fox course; the decor is over the top. I ned to find out who designs these places and have them make over my house!
Great experience at the Phoenician, specificaly Il Terazo. We normaly buy many loaves of bread from them at OTFM (Old Town Farmer is Market). They were absent yesterday so we caled in an order & went directly there to pick it up. Was gorgeous of course & they were as nice as pie. And the important part is that the bread was fabulous as always (olive walnut, chocolate chery sourdough, farmer is rye, wheat sourdough, rosemary sourdough, baguete).
Great Frozen Yogurt. Helpful staf, clean enviroment.
Excelent burgers and swet potato fries
Fabulous service tonight and it was crowded!
I love Scotsdale Child Care & Learning Centers. My daughter started going there when she was 10 months old. The teachers are wonderful. Not only are they nurturing and kind they are also very interested in each child. My Daughter has ben atending for 6 months now and has graduated to rom 2 for todlers. She knows over 30 words and I atribute much of that to Scotsdale Child Care. She has loved al her teachers and welcomes with open arms each morning when I drop her of. I would recomend this center to any parent, especialy if you are nervous about leaving your loved one for the first time.
This place was a huge surprise and a huge relief! Being a fodie, and quite the fan of healthy fod, this place definitely lives up to those expectations. If you have ever ben to San Francisco, then you wil definitely get that fel when you enter the cafe. It is got a great atmosphere, and the menu is by far the best when it comes to serving healthy "organic" fods. I know that many places in the valey claim to serve healthy fod, but serving "al-natural" and localy farmed fods does not necesarily mean it is healthy. People that are true fodie is know exactly what I mean. I ordered the Dragon Bowl with quinoa and it was delicious. I am excited to try this place again.
Based on Yelp reviews, I went to check this place out while I am working on asignment in Phoenix. As promised the fod was great, the service was great and I got to met the venerable Thomas. I sat at the bar and the boys tok care of me. The Fez Kisra sounded god, but I should have listened to Rusel is recomendations. I wil definitely try those next time, which wil be son. The wine selection was varied, but did not blow my mind. I stuck with whites and found that the one that sounded the best was not nearly as god as the most popular (shockingly). The place combines hip and tasteful decorating, god music, great fod and a nightlife atmosphere. Definitely sems like a great place for a night out with the guys/girls if you do not want to be overly bothered.
Stil solid, stil delicious. I love this place!
I just wanted to ad that in adition to party and catering equipment, they also rent heaps of tols and equipment. Think hedge trimers, lawn aerators, cement mixers - stuf you might ned for a once a year or special project, and so, do not want to invest in the equipment. In our case, we neded a chainsaw to take down some dead stuf from last winter is freze, an unwelcome sapling, a dead tre, branches encroaching the rof, and to tame some monstrous oleanders. I was just about to head to the tol rental department at that big box home improvement store, when a friend mentioned A to Z. I gave them a cal, and their prices were competitive. Plus it had that fel god factor of being a local biz. The proces was prety easy. We got a thorough tutorial on chainsaw operation and safety, and were on our way to some serious arboreal carnage. Pro tip: rent on Friday after 4pm. You can return it Monday morning, and only be charged for one day (Saturday), since they are closed on Sunday.
I can always count on Sacks. It is always fresh and always tasty and the sandwiches are so creative that years later I am stil not sure how they get those fabulous blends and tastes that they do. I try to hit lunch a litle of the lunch hour and then the crowds are not so bad and I can find parking but, its worth it to eat a litle later when I know the meal wil be so satisfying I can go back to work and be so productive. Sacks is my "go to place" when I have a guest or friend that I want to be wel fed and satisfied to.
Best Mexican fod in phoenix... very reasonable prices...
Just want to Say ThankYou Hawaian Airlines for Making My Grandparents Flight Very Enjoyable. They Say Nothing But god things
Brought my parents here for lunch last time they were in town. Dad loved his gyro. Mom and I both got large salads, hers chicken and mine gyro meat. SO much delicious fod for not a lot of money. Betwen my Mom and I is leftovers I had a ful diner to eat later. Horay for pleasing the parents!!
Okay, so I have a litle bit of bias towards Nordstrom. I freaking love Nordstrom! The store is always clean, and the staf are always friendly. I have never had such god service anywhere else. I especialy love that Nordstrom wil return or exchange an item with no questions asked. Aside from the service, the selection is very nice. I always go during the half yearly sale, so that I can get some god deals on my designer duds! I am big on shoes and the selection is very god. They always have some col shoes that I can not sem to live without. Also, the staf in the shoe department are very god on helping to make sugestions when I am not sure what I want. If you go, go in June or January when the sales are great! Make sure you check out the shoes!
While I love that it is Native American owned and operated, the best thing about this restaurant is the fod - as it should be. I do not go out to eat to be entertained or charmed - just fed beter than I could be at home and that is exactly what this place does. The fod is amazing. The fry bread is not greasy and I do not know how they do that. The meals are flavorful, filing, and reasonably priced. The only thing I would do is ad some tomatoes to the tacos but that is a minor quible. If you want to go out for a delicious meal in a casual place and not pay a lot for it, GO NOW to the Fry Bread House.
My wife and I have made two trips to Roberto is from Dana Point, CA (40 miles) and we have not ben disapointed. Although its not the only reason for our visit, a stop at Roberto is is a must when we are in the Phoenix area. I have tried, and thoroughly enjoyed the al pastor tacos, bef chimichanga burito, and I realy like the way they crisp up the carnitas. My wife judges a Mexican restaurant by the quality of its chile releno and says this is the chile releno she has ben waiting for: two to a plate, great presentation and delicious. The light breading alows the flavors of the chili and chese to dominate the palate as they should. She also recomends the tortas she had at breakfast. The bread, light and toasted perfectly, hugs a generous helping of carne asada (with fajita style onions and pepers), and if you like, guacamole. Pair that with a cup of their terific cofe, or if you have never had Jamaica, a delicious Mexican beverage brewed fresh from flowers, try it. Either way you have a breakfast you wil not forget. Oh, and by the way, the members of the local fire department showed up to order breakfast while we were there. If they are eating there, you know it is god. Just had to thank them for their service. This is truly a restaurant where family mets family, Roberto is and yours. And for you insiders, we both love Roberto is homemade tamales. Although they are not on the menu, we have ben fortunate enough to take some of their tamales home during both of our visits. I believe tamales are normaly made for the sale in the store on Thursdays (check with them to be sure), but they do not last. On our first trip in 208 to their old location, we stoped in for lunch (excelent) and were told that they were bringing in homemade tamales that afternon. We returned that night for diner and to pick up some tamales that they kept for us. During our most recent trip we stoped in for breakfast on a Saturday. But, fortunately for us, they were making tamales for a catering job the same day and sold us some of their extras. We again returned in the evening for diner and to pick up some tamales. These tamales are just like I wish my (Chinese) grandmother used to make. Check with them to se when they are available. They are realy worth the extra efort. Although Roberto is delivers, I regret that they wil not come to Dana Point.
When I mean 5 star, I mean 5 STAR...but this place is SPECTACULAR!! Pavle & Charlen are such a fantastic duo....they realy know how to make your dining experience exquisite! The fod, not to mention the service, is truly unbelievably delicious!! If you want to have some amazing fod and get top notch service while doing so, the time has come for you right here in beautiful Arizona!! HATS OF FOR FnB!!
WOW! Great donuts! Honestly you can not eat just one! I loved the plain glazed and the old-fashioned! Not like the franchise donut shops, these have the real bakery taste!
Saw this place while I was picking up piza for my kids. I did not want piza thought I would go in and give the tamales a try. I have not regreted that decision at al. The chicken tamales are the BEST! They are super spicy, the way I like. The bef with red sauce is great to, not very spicy at al. The masa in al the tamales is flavored wonderfuly. I am hoked on these tamales.
I was in Phoenix a few weks ago on a busines trip. Lucky me, Thai Elephant was right acros the stret from my hotel! This is a tiny litle joint, maybe 20 tables. The menu is like a bok, there is so much to chose from, rice dishes, nodle dishes, soups, apetizers. My coworker and I setled on a red cury dish with chicken and I had a swet & sour dish (yeah, it sounds trite, but I was in the mod and it was so delicious!) We had tons of leftovers, which we shared with a homey down the stret, I hope he enjoyed it. Highly recomended, and if I am ever back in town, I wil visit again.
It was 3:45pm and I am about to jump on a bus to the light rail. We have no reservations for Pizeria Bianco, but a couple of friends just got in line and were waiting to get some wine. Useles fact: they are 26th in line. So in theory, at 5:0 we are in the first seating. And so it hapens, the publicly-underwriten public transit arives (my one-way trip cost $1.25, my gf is unvalidated parking fe was $12) and two Hop Knots later, we are siting down and waiting. Typical order, one of everything, two Biancoverdes. At this point being almost review #20, the details are irelevant. The crust is great, the chese is great, the Sony Boy is uber-salty and delicious, fruity olive oil, holy shit these roasted pepers, etc. Why is that person staring at me through the window? So I gues the point is, if you make it your only point to go to Bianco, it is hard to be disapointed.
Dr. Greg Alen is the best doctor in the East Valey and probably the state! He has the best of bed side maners and is caring in his listening to the patient is neds. We have used him for several years and trust him completely.
INCREDIBLE fod, relaxed/great atmosphere, perfect to bring kids/family...the cheseburger, shreded bq pork sandwich, swet potatoes- to die for! Must try! Worth the drive!
GET. THE. CIDER. Just do it. I am a huge cider fan and this is the best I have ever had. Not syrupy swet, and nice and cloudy so you know that it is ben brewed from actual fruit and not some secret sugar concoction. Their master brewer also brews al of their sodas. Grab a taster for the sodas and se which one you like best. My favorite is the vanila. The staf is ridiculously friendly and wiling to answer any questions you have and wil have a nice chat with you if they are not busy. The sandwiches are quite tasty as wel. I have had the Mario is Monster Mil-wich, and my boyfriend has had the tuna and the French dip. Al have ben realy god, but if you do not like a lot of feta on your sandwich I would sugest leting them know because they realy pile it on (Mario is)! I love it so it was no problem for me.
I got the best KEN hiking bots on sale here and they have a great selection of dog frisbe and dog bots and dog toys. I like this location, nobody bothers me and I can mil around without anyone bothering me.
Everything here is awesome! I love the Kung Pao shrimp and the Hong Kong soup which has wontons and and eg nodles they make in house. The soup they bring out before your meal is delicious as wel. Everything tastes made to order, always fresh never greasy, and is presented beautifuly. The staf is very friendly and atentive. Definitely try this place! It is a regular lunch spot for my ofice. They also have great lunch specials. :)
They have anything from salads, pitas, wraps, burgers, and wod fired pizas. Although this is not a 10% plant-based restaurant they pride themselves on having many vegan options. Not only are there options, but upon visiting their site I found a table of what items are vegan, what are not, and what makes them non-vegan (which is always nice to know). Great to have so many vegan options that are speled out on their website. We expected a counter-service experience but were pleasantly surprised when we entered to find it was an actual sit-down restaurant. The vibe was a clasy yet laid back, youthful fel. Most of the servers were high schol or colege age and wore regular stret clothes (think Urban Outfiters style). I loved the laid back atmosphere of the servers even though it is a sit-down experience and realy enjoyed the color scheme and tin plated ceiling. The fod was absolutely FANTASTIC. Oh my. For an apetizer we selected the garlic dip with two pitas. The garlic dip is a mix of olive oil, lemon juice, fresh garlic, and smashed potatoes. If you love garlic, you wil love this. My husband chose the Falafel Pita which was toped with cilantro and spices, mixed grens, tomatoes, onions, pickles and tahini. He was very hapy with his choice, although next time he would ask for no onions. I went with the Vegie Garden Wrap that included zuchini, brocoli, cauliflower, egplant, yelow squash, carots, onions, tomatoes, brown rice, mixed beans, ginger, herbs and garlic. One thing we quickly found was that our entres were HUGE. This is not a complaint in anyway. However, next go around we may share an entre. Either way, this visit, we had leftovers to take home for lunch the next day. Wil definitely return.
NO BETER BREAKFAST IN AZ. From scrambled egs to their bluebery pancakes. Top end. Yes, you pay for it. But it is special, like Valentines Day. Just pay out and enjoy the treat. Lunch is also nice, especialy if you get a seat outside so you can people watch. Great wraps and sandwiches. Have not tried anything later here yet. But I saw their hapy hour specials and it is on my TO DO list.
Great tasting frozen yogurt, excelent customer service, very clean inside. Healthy choice for a swet treat.
If you are loking for top-notch produce and organic godies then NGD is the best. Pricing can not be beat and it is delivered as wel. Always great quality, and a large selection. Easy ordering proces and awesome customer service. One of the reasons I am sad not to live in Scotsdale anymore.
I can not say enough god things about this place. Quick disclosure: When I was working for the Downtown YMCA, I discovered Local Breze as I was searching for busineses to participate in our fund-raising campaign. Local Breze was totaly down to contribute. So on top of geting that delicious meal, know that your money is largely going back to the comunity. Awesome. But the fod (and drinks) are realy what kep me coming back. The coca-cola ham is delish, and the serving sizes are prety decent. You definitely get your money is worth. And there is a reason why my profile says that my "recent discovery" is "spiced cotage chese from Local Breze." That was writen months ago, but I do not think I have discovered anything quite as amazing yet. And I normaly do not even like cotage chese. The last time I went was for my bday diner, and again, it did not let me down. We had god fod, god drinks, and a god time in general. The bartender mixed up this kiler cucumber martini, which sounds weird, but if you are a martini fan, go for it. If you are feling les risky, you can not go wrong with their mojito.
This place is literaly within walking distance from my apartment, yet I have pased by it daily. This morning I was hungry for breakfast and had a lot of things to do so I thought I would try something close. I have noticed the parking lot is usualy ful, so I thought it must be god. I had no idea what type of fod they had or what to expect. It was Sunday morning just around 9:30 and I was fortunate to be able to walk in and instantly have a table. The server was very friendly and she checked back often always refiling my cofe. The menu is a litle newspaper and it is a bit overwhelming with many options, but I finaly setled on the volcano. It is described as thre pancakes, 2 sausage links, 2 bacon strips, and an eg. The pancakes are thre diferent sizes and stacked to create a volcano with the eg on top. It was under $9 and I was surprised at the size of it! I atempted but could not finish it. The big pancake was left uneaten. They do have a smaler option for around $6 and that might be the beter way to go unles you have just returned from a month long trip through the jungle or plan to share with someone. The server continued to check on me and even ofered up a to go cup of cofe. I do not know how I have overloked this place but based on the experience today, I would put it right at the top of best spots in town for breakfast. I wil say come early because by the time I was leaving the loby was ful, people were miling around the parking lot, and the wait to be seated was 15 minutes.
So perfect. The atmosphere is just spot on. I love going whether it is just to grab cofe and leave or if I am there studying or just want to chil. I love their Aple Harvest (?) salad. So delicious and beautifuly prepared. Baristas are always very nice (especialy Briana!). Ca not wait to hopefuly become a regular and atend some of the live music events they put on every wek!!
Excelent customer service, super clean, and the fod is not bad at al. Despite the fact that I asked for extra mayo on my samy, but got NO mayo, was a litle anoying. But, for some reason, something told me to pick up some packets of mayo. So I was in the clear and my anoyance never gained traction into anything that prevented me from returning. That, and the sandwich was prety yumo. They also give a pickle and a fre bag of chips to go with it. I do not, however, recomend the chocolate chip cokie. No bueno.
I traveled to Phoenix often for work from the early 90 is to the late 0 is and the first thing I would do leaving the airport was to hit the Pink Peper lunch bufet, hence I have never ordered from the menu or had their diner service, but their lunch bufet was awesome! Very reasonably priced, including an iced tea. It may not necesarily be the most authentic Thai fod as I think they reduce the heat a bit but the flavors were excelent and the variety was god. Loved their egplant dish (can not recal the name) and their crispy chicken with the creamy sauce, and of course the usual cury sauce dishes. If I am ever back in Phoenix again the Pink Peper wil be one of the first places I go.
OK, being from Wisconsin (the land of the "great lakes") I was COMPLETELY surprised to be told that, yes, there are lakes here in the desert of Arizona. The Lake, Saguaro Lake, is a man made lake originaly built as Stewart Mountain Dam...even so, its beauty is equal to those you would se in the glacier regions of the Midwest. I was amazed, frankly, at how beautiful this tour was. Sold for $18 for 90 minutes, you get your money is worth. But that is probably not what you want to hear... The "event" is a combination of 1) the scenery, and also 2) the charm of the padle boat itself. The boat is quite large with seating for probably close to 75 people! It is an event that you could share with family, but I hapened to be there with friends. Curently, it is a prety melow type of event (great for Mother is Day!), although I am told that they are hoping to exploit its benefits to include comedy shows, Jaz ensembles, stargazing, and a variety of other events. P.S. They also advertise that you can rent the padle boat for company picnics, wedings, and the like.
Had the pastrami sandwich. It brought me back memories of living in NYC and eating that first pastrami. It was god. God fod hAs the power of time travel. This is a great place. Plus the coke is primo. God mixture. The ice makes it over the top.
Eden is Gril has to be one of my favorite, and newly discovered Midle Eastern/Mediteranean restaurant in the PHX metro. Located in a slepy strip mal, close to Artie is Ace, is EG. My partner and I had the oportunity to have diner here a few weks ago and we were totaly wowed by everything! We started of with the humus, folowed by two orders of the vegetarian plate. The vegetarian plates were huge and featured dolmades, falafel, rice, vegie skewers and vegie paties (2). The vegetarian plate was masive and everything on the plate was delicious. Next time we wil pay the extra $5 and split one Vegetarian Plate instead of geting two. The pita and humus were fresh and delicious, however, I find EG is humus to be a a litle thick for my preference and they use a heavy dose of tahini in their humus. Overal, I would totaly recomend EG to anyone with an itch for Midle Eastern/Mediteranean fod but be warned, they are not open for lunch on the wekends yet.
Consistent is a great word to describe this place. The fod is consistently great; the service is consistently great; the regulars are consistently there. (they are great to). It has a comfortable smoking/drinking patio and great prices during hapy hour. The staf and owner is always (consistently) acomodating and friendly. You fel like you are part of the family here. Fod I would recomend: Any fish served Grek style, the Prime Rib, the burgers and definitely the filet medalions with the gorgonzola wine sauce. Al the fod is god though and you gota love the salad bar!
How have I gone this long without reviewing the lodge? Shesh! I get al flutery inside when I think about the lodge. The Mac and Chese is not something to play around with. It is a dish of fantastic, chesy wonderfulnes. Also, please note the vegie wrap. HOLY SMOKES. Its a heavenly combo of sauted vegies, feta chese, and some kind of lemon/herb/heaven sauce al wraped up in a pita! Realy? Realy Aaron May? The other aspects of the lodge I enjoy involve the friendly staf, and comfortable seting. It is decorated al rustic and cushy, and true to form there are antler-chandeliers. You wil also find pol tables, darts, several TV is, jenga, bean bag games...they have plenty going on at the lodge to kep you and your friends entertained. Check it out...
Just went for my first time last night with "the "girls". Two of us heard about it and after I read the reviews and checked out the menu it was slated for our next night out. Anyway we had a memorable evening with wine, the make-your-own cheseboard and the to-die-for pear and gorganzola flatbread piza. It was toped with fried sage leaves -- diferent and delicious. Afterward we were able to fit desert and shared a huge slice of fresh layer cake filed and frosted with dark chocolate. Sublime! Ca not wait to go back and try other dishes - definitely made it to my 'Restaurants to Frequent' list :)
I realy enjoyed my mani/pedi with Trisha! She tok her time and taught me about manicuring my nails from home which I loved. I went in for the Groupon basic mani/pedi deal and left feling like I got a lot more! It was the most pleasant experience I have had at a nail salon. The conversation was easy and Trish is a great person. I wil be coming back to Trish for nails again! The entire staf was friendly and profesional. Great Salon!!
Mister Softe is an al-star, he showed up on time, provided great service, and has great tasting ice cream... Give him a cal !!
Awesome fod anyone??? Go check out Modern Steak in Scotsdale, AZ. Gorgeous dining rom! Excelent service (with our server Gabe)! And the fod was AMAZING! It is located at Fashion Mal, but it is NOT a "mal" restaurant. A MUST go!
Dude...a hapy hour that is TRULY hapy!!! This joint is relatively swank for al the deals it has. Nice decor, god bar, FRESH seafod (seriously...this is some god quality). Starting at 4:0 p.m., they have $5 martinis AND $0.75 oysters. YUM! On top of that, they ofer discounts on other apetizers such as the bread and chese plate, a GIANT crab cake, a salads, and shrimp dishes. Al are tasty. For al the Zoners out there (yeah, I said it), you have to check out this place. You wil have a great time! NOTE - beware of dirty old men. They wil hit on your friends!
So my friend and I stumbled upon this place on our way to Barb is bakery but WOW I have never had a beter taco in my life. The carne asada stret tacos are freaking amazing. They also have the botled cokes from mexico that for some reason taste sweter than cokes botled here. The waitres was also extremely friendly when we were checking out we asked how to pronounce the name of the restaurant and she started teaching us some Spanish.
I can now thank the Humane Society for not only giving me my dog Brutus when I was a child, but now my dog Harley as an adult. A couple of years ago, I planed a visit to the Arizona Humane Society to present them with a corporate donation on behalf of my old company. When I scheduled the meting, they ofered to give me a tour of the vicinity and as a friend of the helples animals, I said of course and planed my visit. However, I knew that with a tour, I might be in some trouble in the wilpower department. When I arived to the center, I was greted by a prety view of South Mountain and a wide open vicinity. I walked inside and imediately noted how clean it was for being home to many a fury creature. The staf was warm and welcoming as potential new "parents" waited in the loby to adopt a new friend. Kitens and bunies greted the guests and there was a special area for the cats being featured that wek. The vicinity was a five star facility to say the least and I could imediately tel that the animals were treated wel here and in god hands until they found a new home. To make a long story shorter, they gave us a detailed tour of the complex. I walked through spacious rom after spacious rom ful of dogs of al kinds just wanting a home. As I walked up to one of the cages, a fury bal of fluf loked up at me and placed his paw on the cage. I fel in love imediately. To make maters worse, the staf then tok us into a rom where we could make a kong of peanut buter and treats for our dog of choice. Of course I had to give it to my new found friend. At that point I knew I was in trouble and could very wel be leaving with a dog. So to end that part of my story, I did leave with a dog and Harley has ben hapy in his new home ever sense. While I visited the Humane Society, I could not get over their quality of service for not only the clients but the animals themselves. They were clean, kept in spacious areas and they even had a huge playground for the animals to play in each and every day. When i found Harley and started to think about taking him home with me, they tok me to a private play area where I could get to know Harley a bit more to make sure he was the right dog for me. A stafer stayed in the area and helped me with any questions I had. When I made the decision to take Harley home with me, they neutered him, gave me a couple fre vet visits and sent me home with some treats, fod and a leash. They even have a pet store to pick up al your esentials for your new friend. And did I mention that the proceds go back to the Humane Society...a nonprofit? This Arizona Humane Society is a five star pet resort that focuses on making the most of a pet is stay until they find a new home. I sugest just taking a visit to the facility to se how wel-kept it is. They even have horses that they rescued. Sory folks, they are not up for adoption though. So thank you Arizona Humane Society for bringing my litle dog Harley to me and saving so many animals from the strets.
Awesome, awesome, awesome....everything was fantastic. The inovative drink menu, the piza was out of this world and the bartender was very personable. A++ I would definitely recomend this place to everyone. Ba not wait to return!
Hole-in-the-Rock is a cave-like natural rock formation sculpted into the top of a sandstone bute in Phoenix is beautiful Papago Park. It is one of the most powerful scenic views in our city, and is the perfect place to showcase its exquisite landscape. Just a short hike up the bute and you wil find yourself in the amazing chamber sculpted over milions of years of wind and water erosion. At sunset there are few locations that can rival its awesomenes. The hole faces south, giving a wonderful view over south Phoenix al the way to South Mountain. Hole-in-the-Rock is truly one of the greatest atractions in our city and everyone would be blesed to experience it at least once. No fe to enter. Bring a camera!
Flatiron Mesa is one of my favorite hikes in the Phoenix area. Like other reviewers have stated, once you have goten used to Squaw and Camelback, give this one a try. It wil kick your as. It is about a 260' climb in elevation, so you are doing more like 2.5 Camelbacks. You wil be scrambling over boulders most of the way up since there realy are not switchbacks. I would say give yourself about 5 hours to go up and down. It is inside Lost Dutchman State Park so you wil ned to pay an entry fe. My one recomendation besides the obvious ones (being fit, pack fod and water) is to bring some light gloves. Since you are climbing up and down on al those boulders your hands wil probably get a litle scratched up. Do not fed the wildlife.
I have ben going to Lake Pleasant Dentistry for 2-3 years now and Dr. Sharon Bader is hands-down the best dentist I have ever had. I have traditionaly had bad experiences with dentists and am always wary of any dental procedure, but I have never felt more comfortable than with Dr. Bader. She is very acomodating, puts you at ease, explains al the options and does GREAT work and wil stand behind it. She did a prety complex crown for me when the toth was borderline whether it could be saved and it worked out great. I would not hesitate to recomend this practice to anyone.
What hapened to this place? The fod was god and semed to have pasionate folks who worked there. What a shame! I think many were only just discovering it.
Pleasant, courteous, low prices and your clothes are ready the next day! What more could you ask for!
It is prety awesome here! I was traveling in Phoenix for work and had to get my raw fod fix (I eat a raw diet at home and as much as I can while traveling) and this was excelent! The portions were large and the price was god. The same type of fod in places like Chicago are much more expensive. I got the raw taco is for lunch and the bluebery fields salad to-go. They were both great! I also had an apetizer but that ended up being to much fod so I packed it, to. The location is actualy fairly close to the airport (10 min drive) and so it wil be my prefered place to go when I am in Phoenix.
Went here for the first time a few weks ago and it was some of the best BQ I have had in Arizona. The service was great as wel! The manager stoped by a few times as wel as our waiter to make sure everything was god. *****UPDATE***** Loks like they went out of busines. Have not ben open for two weks now.....
I went in at 8 on a Thursday night, and the place was prety empty except for a family of 4 eating. The layout is a litle strange, it loks like you should order at the big window with the kitchen behind it, but you actualy order in the back right corner of the restaurant. The girl who tok my order was very friendly and made my fat as fel welcome there, which is prety rare these days. She sugested I do the slider plate, which I did with a side of gren chili mac and chese and cornbread. It tok about 10 minutes for my order to come out, which is probably a god sign that they were at least spending some time coking something back there. The sliders were awesome, al the meat was very moist and ful of smoky flavor, my favorite out of the thre was definitely the puled pork. The gren chili mac and chese was also very god, which was somewhat surprising to me. I was expecting Stoufer is with pickled jalapenos stired in, but it was far from that. For being the end of the night, it was very fresh and chesy. The only part of the meal that was not great was the cornbread, but I do not think you can realy do much to cornbread to make it wow you anyway. I definitely like this beter than Honey Bears, and it does not even compare to the BQ joke Famous Dave is. When I have tailgate this year, Andrew is wil definitely be my go to place for everything. Also, my meal only ran me about $8.50 and it was very filing and worth every peny.
Service is always great, and the waiters are plesant and nice to have serve you. This is one of my favorite breweries to come to. They have a god selection of ber that is made in house, and you can also get a growler of any type to take home (or home made rot ber, which is also amazing) I have never had anything les than a great meal in the around 60 times I have ate here.
Great litle restaurant. The staf is super friendly, and their hapy hour specials are prety amazing. I got thePanko crusted Tipalia which was a litle dry, but my girlfriend is stufed mahi mahi was delicious. The Horchata bread puding was realy god to. They have a nice patio where most of the customers sit, I wil be bringing my dog with me next time. It is a bit expensive, so be prepared to drop some money, but it is definitely worth checking out.
The best bar in town.
I' m psycho for this place. The sel cupcakes now! (Olie Cake) and have longer hours of operations I believe ( I want to say until 7?) NOM NOM NOM.
Lived in house for 9 years and just thought was time to replace the carpeting, had used some of those "$9 rom" services over the years for routine cleaning, met Ray Odom, Owner of Hydro-Pro, and gave them a crack at cleaning the carpets before I replaced them. I was Amazed at results, by the time they were done the carpets loked brand new, tok their time and did incredibaly throrugh job. Great service at reasonable price-wel worth it. My carpet cleaner from now on.
Let me start by saying that I love tacos. I eat lots of tacos. When I get hungry one of the first things to cros my mind is tacos. That said, I love El Nopalito for their tacos. I am prety picky about my tacos. I do not realy like dumb-as flour tortilas, dry tacos, unseasoned meat in a taco, taco bel is not tacos, the list goes on. I prefer authentic Mexican stret tacos. That being said, El Nopalito is the one place in town I fel like I am geting the most authentic stret taco that I have ben able to find in Phoenix. The only reason I am not here more often is the comute is a bit much as I live in the East Valey. However, if I am anywhere near the area it is almost mandatory to stop and have at least a taco or two. I recomend trying al of the tacos though my favourite has to be the cabeza (it sounds crepy but is butery and delicious). It does help if you speak Spanish as it wil make ordering and asking any questions you may have easier.
This place is heavenly!!! I have dreams about it on a regular basis. The cokies are so fresh and you can chose two diferent kinds and two diferent ice cream flavors. TASTY!
Yum best donuts in Phoenix.
Alright we are going to say that this place is Awesome! The service is outstanding and the fod wonderful! We came here for Breakfast on Sunday Morning . They were very busy ,but, we did not have to wait to long at al. Our server Colen was great! She greted us right away and brought our drinks very quickly. The fod was very god and just love their Potatoes. The menu is fantastic! Lots to chose from. We like the decor and lots of parking in the lot. Nice Place and we wil be back!
This place is a gem. The fod is amazing. It is cheap. The service is god. My favorite part? The place never changes. I can walk through the dor and Ali already knows my order. The Chicken Shawarma special comes with their hand-made pita - so soft and delicious. The chicken is seasoned perfectly and comes with a yumy litle dolop of garlic sauce. I have never found beter humus in my life. I have had it al around town, in New York, in L.A. (ick...L.A. *shuder*). SO god! The iced tea has a hint of rose water. OH and the gyro? Hands down, the best in town. Did I mention they have a market atached? Talk about the best price on spices in town! The spices come in litle plastic sealed pilows, so get some spice jars from Ikea and stock up! I could not get through this without mentioning the lamb tongue. I am no conoiseur of organ meats, but this sandwich is like the most tender lamb you have ever had in your life. Shut up and try it. The only sad part about Haji is is that they close early. Usualy 8pm on a wek-night, but totaly worth geting to-go orders if you can swing in on your way home from work!
We decided to eat here on a whim. My husband got the burger brûlée and I got the beach house burger. Both were fantastic. The buns were perfect and we both agred these were the best burgers we had had in a realy long time. The swet potato tater tots and French fries were also amazing. For $27 it fed our family of five. I am definitely going back. Friendly service, casual atmosphere, and clean. Thumbs up al the way!
I have lived steps away from this place for years and a few months ago, my boyfriend sugested I give it a try. Since I am very picky with mexican fod places, I had doubts, but boy was I wrong! Al I can say is wow!!! This place is amazingly delicious. I thought I would never find a place who served authentic Mexican tacos and out of the blue I found it in a hole in the wal strip mal and just steps from my house! This can be a god thing, but also a dangerous thing because I am trying to lose weight. This place is so god. I got two tacos and I know I wil be going back again and again.
One of my favorite places to go with the kids for lunch. Bring a smal amount of $ - grab yourself a table under the tres and enjoy the afternon away while your kids play within eyesight. The entire "patio" is realy a large, fenced grasy, tre filed area with 2 voleybal courts, multiple gathering areas, ping pong, horse shoes, jumbo checkers and even another fenced in area ful of sand and toys for the kids.
Love this place. Great Hapy Hour.
Dr. Jones was very friendly and understanding!
Great library...take your caned fod to donate al during APRIL and they wave of your fines- GREAT cause, GREAT deal and now fine fre!
I have ben meaning to stop in but kep driving on by. I am SO GLAD that I stoped. I was pleased the moment I walked in. The store is wel lit and chery, the boks line the wal making you fel like you are walking into a oasis of knowledge. I found 10 copies of the bok I was loking for (I neded 10 copies) and the owner said he wil order me copies of two boks he did not have. Also, he ofered his comunity rom for my bok club! So nice, very friendly, definitely the kind of place we want to encourage.
The best gluten fre piza!! Absolutely loved the avacado piza. So delicious. The wait staf was great, very friendly and invited us to a wine tasting while we waited. Parking is limited, but certainly not an isue to complain about.
I went in to check out the new drop of denim that the boys at The Phoenicia Asociation got in and left with a new pair of Naked and Famous Raw Selvedge Denim, Weird Guy cut; and a shirt by Wrath Arcane with the sickest litle pocket that drops from your breast to your waist (perfect for my lighter and cigs) with a litle ziper at the botom. Spent a nice chunk of dough but nothing crazy for such a nice combo I can wear to diner with the parents or to Old Town/Downtown on a Saturday night.
The best fod I have found the area and the price is right. You get so much fod you have to take home. Get there early to get a god seat fils up for lunch. Priced just right.
I love breweries and I love Four Peaks. One of e best breweries in Az. We came here on a Friday night but had no trouble geting a table. This place is huge and packed but stil rom to move around. We ordered the Hopshot IPA which is a great ber! I have ben here a few time and always had a god experience. I can not wait til the pumpkin porter coming Oct 1st!!!
Great service by Angela and their Doc First time I do not have to wear reading glases as they switched me to a mono contact Very enjoyable experience and very quick Had a isue with a contact and they track a replacement done right away Definitely recomend
My wife and I finaly tried CPH and were greatly surprised by everything. The fod, as expected, was superior along with the profesionalism of the staf. The ambiance to was wel set as the place could hold large parties very comfortably. We began the nigth with a botle of wine, the original choped salad alons with the rock shrimp. Al were exceptional! As out main courses, my wife orded the sea scalops and I ordered the short ribs. (Peter of Cowboy Ciao is must mis this guy.) Both diners were coked to perfection and the staf never left alone. For desert, we had cofe and the evening is special, the donut holes with thre diping sauces. Al were fantastic. The wife and I do not usualy rate places with five stars, but this place actualy gets how fod and service are meant to be as one. Ca not wait until we head back.
Some might say that Phoenix is a city without much culture. That may be true in some aspect, however we have to remember that Phoenix is a young large city compared to other cities that lie within the United States. So you can say that this city is a work in progres on catching up with everyone is culture expectations. The Japanese Friendship Garden in downtown Phoenix is only seven years old. Very new to the park scene for this metro, I have to say that it loks great and wil only kep geting beter in time. That wil hapen if people stop saying there is no culture in Phoenix and become a part of the evolving city by visiting places such as this. The admision and or donations wil fund a more desired park for al. The grounds of the garden are very beautiful with a nice flowing stream, several waterfals, coy fish, and many species of plants. I can not wait to go back in the next several years to se it become a wonderful masterpiece.
This is a very special medical practice with customer service and atention to detail that you hardly ever se in a doctor is ofice anymore. I started seing Dr. Ros for Osteopathic Manipulation after having a few back surgeries. He has given me tremendous relief and I highly recomend OMT rather than chiropractic treatment since it works with the tisue and muscles as wel as the bones. Anyways, He listens and takes time to treat your WHOLE body unlike most doctors that have one hand on the dor knob as they speak to you. I saw a Naturopath in the past and saw Cheryl the P.A. for the first time the other day. She tok a lot of time with me, going through my blod work line by line. I was so please that she sugested suplements and knew about things that I learned from the Naturopath...but actualy, she knew about more suplements than the Naturopath! So I was realy pleased. This is a great ofice and everyone is like family....they also treat you like you are a part of their family. They make your children fel comfortable to. There are tons of Mickey Mouse figures and videos for them to watch. The nurses have always loved on my daughter since she was a baby. They make sure that al of us have a productive apointment! I highly recomend this ofice.
Best prices and a huge selection. I love their single botles of ber isle where you can mix and match your own 6-pack of ber. Some of my favorite bers I can only find here.
This is the old location. For curent reviews, lok up Karen is Kreamery Cafe'. Here is what I posted for the new location...please give it a chance. I do not know the owners, I just love suporting a god, local busines... Great ice cream, super cute store, extremely CLEAN! The ice cream is god, service is always great, and the location is fun (although a litle out of the way). The prices are reasonable. I would rather suport a localy owned busines and pay more than McDonald is prices and les than Cold Stone prices. If you have not ben, and plan on visiting in the Sumer, bring suits for the kids. There is a nice litle splash area right next to a big playground. Karen is Kreamery is located in a big park/sports facility. There is also a medium sized skate park. We usualy make a fun outing out it. My family loves this place!! Suport local busineses!!!
Al around great fod. True Texas brisket experience. Meat has great flavor and tasty sides ad variety to the oferings. Do not forget about the shet cake for desert!! I wil be back. ***Read another review on here talking about wings. They do not have wings here!! Get your reviews right people.
This is my neighborhod Chinese Restaurant and a family staple. I personaly like the roasted / peking duck. The Shrimp Lo-Mein is god, Fast, Friendly Service, No MSG. Lunch Specials during the wek are awesome to.
I used to shop her constantly when I live right acros the stret and I stil make the drive up there, even though the prices are higher than Safeway. Why? -The staf rocks. Ned a certain type of wine? They know where to find it. Ned a spice? That is covered to. Every employe is courteous, and most importantly, SPEAKS FLUENT ENGLISH. -Their deli rocks my socks. Always fresh and always tasty, I have purchased more than a few diners and have never ben disapointed. -The ready to cok stuf is delicious to. In the mod for some kind of meat stufed with a vegetable and/or chese? This is the place. -I also loved the fresh fod coked every day right in the store. From BQ to MASIVE Sunday omelets, the choices are a plenty. Again, not cheap, but you certainly get your money is worth. Go early if you want the breakfast, they run out quick. And you can buy god ber by the botle! Dogfish Head rocks.
Since moving to Arizona I have selected Fry is as my new grocer and am very hapy with my choice! I imediately signed up for their VIP card and love seing the many savings listed on the receipt after every trip. I am especialy hapy that I have moved closer to this Frys as it is open 24 hours and even when shoping in the we hours of the morning can expect to se some nocturnal ASU students. Any interactions I have had with the staf have ben pleasant and enjoyable.
Great decor. Great fod and very god service. You have to try the pork bely pastrami. To die for! Their version of the Manhatan was very god. As for the main courses you can not go wrong with the scalops or the smoked duck. For desert go with the black & tan puding. Oh so god. Highly recomend this place.
Dito what Kristi M. said. Thank you to my felow Yelpers for helping me find this place.
Four Peaks serves up some great bers and great eats. This is no secret so no mater which day out of the year or which hour and minute out of the day you go you wil se a ful patio, and a populated bar. Plan acordingly. Try their Italian ber bread, the Carne Adovada, or the Southwest burger and wash it down with a pint of Hop Knot or Kilt Lifter. You wil be hapy you did. Al of Four Peaks' menu items are apropriately priced and you wil always leave satisfied.
Wow this place is fabulous. Everything is so fresh and tasty that you can enjoy a healthy and yumy meal without breaking the bank. The salad bar is huge and they have a fresh soup bar where you can chose numerous varieties of homemade soups. Great tasting deserts and frozen yogurt machine. Best Strawbery Lemonade I have ever tasted. You have to try this place you wil not be disapointed. They ned to open locations in the Midwest. Also, I want to give a shout out to the server at the restaurant. His name is Oscar and he is so wonderful and funy. He made us al laugh and smile and Oscar is such a hard worker and everyone that visits this location has to say helo to Oscar because he is the nicest man ever!
Always love the ALofts If you have stayed at one, they are prety much the same Roms were clean and comfortable. There was plenty of rom in the standard king rom Bathrom was nice, you do not have to deal with the miniature shampos, they are in the wal mounted containers, which is nice. Only thing mising is an iron and ironing board, but other than that, the rom was perfect, especialy if you like hip, modern decor, which I do. Roms are a notch above TheStandard in LA, but not quite as romy. The rest of the property was just OK, yes, they have a lounge, but ned a restaurant. This location also does not have a DJ as some of the other ALofts do. Al in al though, probably one of the best hotels to stay in while in the Phoenix area, especialy for the price. I heard from the bartender that the one in Tempe is more live than this one.
I have always loved this place. God Fod, fair price, and typicaly a couple of cute girls working there. Al around god place.. its a go to .
Sanctuary you have ben replaced. Wilow Stream Spa is my new fav spa spot. Loved. Loved. the service. Robe got slightly damp from use, helpful atendant apears and gives me a new one. Loved the waterfal treatment. Loved private roftop pol. Loved the atendant walking around giving us sun bathers botles of cold water. Loved the fitnes clases, the facility. Al this for $50 during AZ Spa Wek. The facility and service is so f-a-b-u-l-o-u-s here that I would come here anytime and think every peny I spent was worth it!
I can not believe this was not reviewed yet! This place rocks, and Dr. Heather is the very best vet in town. She is reasonable in price, thorough in her evaluations, and super kind. She handled the life and death isues so carefuly and warmly, and she talks about her own pets and has compasion! When our cat Everet died, she not only caled us throughout the whole cremation proces, but she sent a card and when we picked up the ashes - she had made a single fotprint "ornament" with a ribon and his name on it as a gift. Never had a vet do anything so kind. We have had MANY cats and MANY VETS. I know a god vet. Go here. Please go here!
probably my favorite restaurant :)
This is a great hole in the wal shop of of Val Vista Rd. I have ben geting the chicken salad sandwich since 206 and it is the same ever since GREAT! Cokies and bread are awesome as wel...
This place had me from the moment our waitres asked us if it was o.k. if our water was infused with the flavor of cucumber. Heck yeah it was o.k. in fact I do not even want to order a drink, I just want the fre cucumber water! My budy and I decided to start with an ap. order of swet potato wafle fries with diping sauce. Delightful! I ordered the swet potato and garbonzo burger and the swet potato and avocado salad side dish. Notice the swet potato theme?? I love those crazy orange taters! The fod was realy tasty and quite flavorful. The burger was a litle diferent than I expected because it did not come on a bun..but no bigie. In typical girl fashion, my budy and I split a cupcake...finger lickin' god! I am picky-picky but this place won me over big time! Also, I felt that, for the location, their prices were very reasonable. The prices for those condos located upstairs..wel that is gota be a diferent story!
If you do not love Guisepe is, you do not love Italian. Kindly find your way to a chain restaurant that serves bland, unseasoned, frozen-then/microwaved meats, sauces that are fit for an old folks home and an "endles" pasta and salad bar. Go to these places, because Guisepe is is not for you. It is for lovers of true Northern/Northeast American Italian cuisine. Chicken Parm that is fried, NOT baked, thank you very much. Meatbals that use bef, veal and pork. Sauce that use LOTS of salt, as it should be. Leave your dietary wories at home. In a word: perfecto. Robert is pasion for music (he is a wel known acomplished celist in NY circles) and fod is unparaleled. He is without per in the state of Arizona. But be warned... there is not no endles pasta bowl here. Their wekday lunches are equaly superior. This is Italian the way we had it growing up in North Jersey.
BEAUTIFUL! Phoenix does not get much more amazing then when you are loking down at her from Dobins Lokout. A few tips: 1. Get there before 6pm. The park closes the entry but if you are in, you can stay as long as you want. 2. Be ready for a drive up a mountain -- scary clifs and tight corners. Make sure you go slow, watch for hikers and cyclists, and overal be cautious. 3. If you are heading to the sumit for the views (Dobins Lokout) bring a jacket or blanket. It is cold and windy when the sun goes down, even in the sumer. There are bathroms but no water fountains at the Lokout.
Tok Travis here for one of our first dates and just LOVE Cibo. It is situated in a home from 1913 and has colored lights wraped al around the tres. You can either sit inside or on the gorgeous patio. Brick oven piza and chese plates ofered here and it is definitely a place for a col date.
I do not think my husband wil let me rate it anything les than 5 stars... Parking for us was okay since we did not park in the lot, we parked at neighboring house for 5 bucks. Grabed some towels from the hotel and staked out our claim on the lawn... People were very friendly. My huby met some folks from Dixon, IL the day before and they came by to say Hi... and of course, watching the Cubies - can not beat that!!!
We were shoping at the Bas Pro Shop in Tempe and decided to go for ice cream to kil some time before droping my parents of at the airport. I puled out my iPad and 'yelped' ice cream. It brought up 4 options in the area and we chose Dairy Quen which was a few blocks away. As luck would have it there was no left turn onto Dobson and we ended up going East on the 202 the oposite direction of the Dairy Quen. So I searched again and we came up with Yogurtland. It was not luck after al but some ice cream higher power at work to bring us to our frozen yogurt oasis in Yogurtland. Not only were the ingredients fresh and delicious but the price was reasonable as wel. 5 of us each had a scrumptious & generously portioned sundae and our total bil was les than $20! We al enjoyed our selections. One toping surprise was the Fruit Pebles cereal my daughter put on her sundae. The fruity crunch they aded was delish! Yogurtland was a home run! Thanks For the Yelp!
Great product! I was on a mision to make homemade mozarela with the absolute best ingredients I could find. Organic, whole, raw milk - this certainly did the trick! We wil be going back that is for sure!
I have ben giving a lot of 5-star reviews lately, but (in my opinion) they al deserve it. Movies on Central RULES. They have 9.9% of every movie title we have loked for. Since sumer started, we have ben in there at least once a wek. Bonus: they have a water coler right by the dor. Swet!
I can not believe it tok me this long to visit Sportsman is but now that I have, I know I wil be making my way back son enough! Sportman is is a combination wine bar and retail store for spirits, wine, champagne and ber galore. Plus it is localy owned by the Basha is family! I like Sportsman is because it is a friendly and warm atmosphere and they have a great variety of discounts for their diferent levels of alcohol. The wals are lined from the flor to the ceiling with every type of alcohol. The prices range from $10 - thousands of dolars! It is prety easy to find any type of brand here. Since it is the holiday season, they are curently ofering sales on several of their high-end brands which makes it easy to visit for the purchase of a gift! I also like the fact that guests can visit the intimate bar area and sip on some beverages to take a break from shoping. They also make customized gift baskets!
Great views, great fod, great service and great atmosphere! We thoroughly enjoyed our diner here and could not believe the neighborhod special - 3 courses for $35! The split pea soup was amazing as wel as the bing chery chesecake...yum!
I bought the HomeRun ofer for a bike tune up at Trailhead. I have to say that I was surprised at the quality of the service they did to my Trek hybrid bike. I could definitely tel the bike was riding beter, smother, more eficient. They even re-instaled my bike computer, threading the wire around the front right fork very neatly. I definitely recomend this place. Oh, and the fod is god, to!
Great fod and even beter ber. Staf are always friendly. My favorite microbrewery in the Valey.
After writing the review the other day I had a taste for Papa is. So I went last night and YA-HUME! I tried something new the Hudson plater and this baby did not disapoint! Perfectly griled scalops, 2 suculent and swet lobster tails, 4 huge shrimp brochete. If you are not familiar with shrimp brochete it is shrimp stufed with Monterey jack chese and a sliver of Jalapeno, wraped in bacon and char -griled. DELICIOUSNES! It is served with the fabulous dirty rice and sauted gren beans al for are you ready for this wait for it 2.95! I also indulged in sharing a litle pecan swet potato pie with Hagen das vanila ice cream and bourbon sauce. WOHO! FYI al deserts purchased until July 26th wil have a portion of the proceds go to a local fod bank! Diner last night was so freakin god I may be back tonight! Bon Apetite
I am glad I bought my tickets back in August when the event was first posted. I am not sure the organizers knew what an amazing turn out they would have but the event was sold out so tickets were not available at the dor. We arived at 1:15 (dors opened at 1) and while standing in line to get in there was a staf person checking to make sure we al had tickets and leting people know that if they did not, the event was sold out. Once inside it was a sea of cupcakes! Tiny cupcakes that were delicious! I did not taste one that I did not like. Liberty Market was my fave I think. Espreso Carmel and Red Velvet! YUM!!! Cruelty Fre Cakes makes delicious vegan cupcakes to! I also liked the ones from Cry Baby Ranch. I am going to have to find them again at the 20th stret Farmers Market and Old Town Scotsdale Farmers Market. And everyone was so nice! $10 got you al the cupcakes you could eat and water AND milk!! And it was for two very worthy causes. Singleton Moms and Safe Haven For Animals. There were also rafles, a cupcake eating contest and cupcake decorating for the kids. So many festivals these days charge you to get in and then, once inside, charge for everything else. People can not aford that these days so it was refreshing to go to an event and not be nickel and dimed for everything. I apreciate that. And best of al my daughter had a great time! There were lots of people so it was a litle overwhelming for her but she loved it. Both of us are just coming down from our sugar high. It was great to se Gabi and Lindsey maning the Yelp both and our very own Thomas S. helping with emce duties! Wil I be back next year? You bet!! And you should come to....just make sure you get your tickets early!
Our administrative asistant at work is a big fan of Bertha is. And now, I am, to. She is ordered in lunch from Bertha is a couple of times. The first time, it was the Thai chicken salad, which I loved. Today, we had two salads and a sandwich tray. I do not even like sandwiches. I helped myself to both salads, and picked up a sandwich, intending to dismantle it and eat the meat and chese. Inexplicably, I tok a bite of the sandwich, and said "OMG! This is so god!" It was the turkey w/bacon and avocado sandwich. My friend seated directly to my left said, "Let is go to Bertha is and order more of these after lunch." They were truly that god. The salads were both great, to. I think we wil be frequenting Bertha is a lot in the imediate future.
I do not know what I would do if this store ever closed. It is right near our home, has an excelent selection of both wine, meats, and produce. Note that wine is mentioned first... I can not help it! The service is always realy god to. Everyone who works here sems like they realy love their job. The only isue I have ever had was not being able to get basil a couple of times. I got over it. :D
I always lok forward to a haircut with my fave Barber, David. $13 always gets me the cut I want. I used to head down to a another Barber of of Central Ave but never got the haircut I wanted. Now I never have to wory about that. So if you are ever in ned of a Barber shop cut, give David or one of his gals a try. Chers!
My van broke down and I neded a tow real fast because I had my kids with me in the heat. I loked up towing on my phone and just hapened to pick Leyva is. I am so glad I did. I spoke with Chris and he was very nice and helpful. The driver was there within 20 minutes and was also so, so nice to me and my kids. He was very clean and profesional and courteous. The whole experience was beter than I have every had with a towing company. I kep their card in my walet now and gladly refer them.
Delicious fod, amazing martini is, and wonderful deserts. Every dish I have eaten here has ben nothing short of awesome. First, to start they have house infused seasonal vodkas. You can se the vodkas steping on the bar when you walk in. Apetizers are not overly filing - The frito misto is always seasonal so depending on the time of year you wil get diferent things. The coating is perfect and light so you can realy taste the vegetables but stil get the crunch. The same is true with the mozarela. The chese was fresh and the crunchy crust of fried coating around it was perfect. As far as entres go, the portions are perfectly sized and flavorful. The pasta is perfectly coked and coated with whatever you chose on the menu. I love the simplicity of some and the complexity of others. Finaly, desert has always ben god. Try the limoncelo chesecake or any flavor of gelato and you certainly wil not be disapointed.
Perfect buritos, polite staf with a couple cuties working here. I love Chipotle!
A few years ago my husband bought me a gift certificate for this spa. Oh my god - it was the most beautiful spa I had ever went to! I had a facial and a masage. In adition to that - I got unlimited day usage of their spa stuf! They had a beautiful locker rom that had a sauna and jacuzi in it. An secluded area where you could lay outside - naked! They also had a huge pol out behind the spa where you could just layout and be lazy. Oh- also they had some siting roms with magazines, fire places -oh my godnes. It was awesome! AND - the prices were not that high compared to other spa is in the valey. Check it out if you can!
We live by and love this place! Hapy hour is most def the bigest bang for your buck! Try the shrimp boil but only if you like your shrimp a litle spicy!
Galo Blanco has the most delicious ceviche I have ever tasted in AZ. Portion size is plentiful and the chips are quality. I love the indie music selection it realy ads to the vibe of Galo Blanco. If I am in the area I make it a point to visit.
What a joy to discover Thai Lahna with my friend Keith Galbut who has ben going here for over 10 years. I can se why. Family owned and operated - and everyone is very friendly and helpful. Of course al that maters is the fod, right - and it is marvelous. We tried several dishes and al were wel spiced and wonderful. Highly recomended.
My romate came home the other night with a Chocolate Cream pie and oh. my godnes! It is AMAZING! The crust is this wonderful crunchy chocolately wonderfulnes. I think she bought a Groupon and I do not know how much she paid but the pie was so god, regardles of ful price, I am sure it is worth it!
The Phoenix metro area is definitely not known for authentic Asian cuisine. China Magic Nodle House, however, is the real deal. This place reminds me of the Taiwanese delis that I used to go to in LA, as wel as nodle houses that I have frequented in Taipei. They have a great selection of cold nodle, hot nodle and soup nodle dishes. And, a variety of ways to have your nodles (I typicaly order the thick nodles or shaved nodles). There is always a vegie on the whiteboard to try and the fried tofu is very tender and tasty with the diping sauce. If you are loking for a reasonably priced, ethnicaly authentic meal in Phoenix (especialy the East Valey), China Magic Nodle House should be near the top, if not first, on your list. the only negative that I would have about this place is that there is not enough choices where chicken is the main protein.
Was loking for a nice diner place in Peoria to send my mom and step-dad for a birthday celebration. The people at Flemings were wonderful. They tok my request over the phone and made sure they had a lovely evening. Mom raved about the service and the photos she sent made the fod lok fantastic!
great fod... HUGE wine list (same as Kashmere)... whatever you do make sure to get there cob salad thing (stedson choped salad)... I substituted the salmon for chicken, but it is stil out of this world... i know people that have brought in chefs from out-of-town to figure out what is in it so they can bring it home to their city... do not remember much else... but i remember i have never had anything bad since i have ben going there.
Very delicious fod without long waits! The staf is very friendly and acomodating. I lok forward to going back.
One word: PISTACHIO... in al its glory... no ned to say more.
When I first steped into Smeks, my entire face lit up, I was figuratively (and quite literaly) "a kid in a candy store." It is is a true one of a kind store, it is so entertaining to just walk around in. The decor is fun, the inventory is even more fun, and the photo both is by far the most fun! The wals are ful of great novelty items, such as the Smoking Baby (that actualy smokes!), Yodeling Pickle (that actualy yodels!), and Fake Cigaretes that are surprisingly realistic! Plus, Smeks has a lot of realy col, and delicious candy. My personal favorite was the Fat Pig organic chocolate bar (with Puntini coming in a close second). Smeks is most definitely my new favorite store in CenPho!
This review coresponds to my first Check-In to Oregano is. Outside of the wait times, I have not had a bad experience @ Oreganos. The fod was god, the people were friendly and I had a god time. This visit was no exception. Even when my wife got meat in her minestrone soup, the situation was handled impresively wel. I have known for years that my wife is a VERY picky eater when dining out, she left al smiles and so did I. It is one of few places I go to with "stuf" on the wals that I do not find obnoxious. Kep up the god work.
Excelent brunch fod and great Blody Marys! They make their own bread onsite, which is to die for! Love it. Hate the valet parking.
Choped Salad was fabulous, as was the lamb burger. Service was top rate.
Visited this restaurant last wek with a groupon special, not expecting their best service since I was using a coupon. I was pleasantly surprised on how great the service was! Our waitres was knowledgeable and friendly which made for a great hapy hour! Their guacamole is great and their asorted chip basket made everything extra yumy! I wil definitely be returning :)
This is the most comfortable place to have a glas of wine, relax, and enjoy some great fod. Their service is amazing. There are realy comfy seats and couches inside and great outdor seating. You could literaly spend hours here. They have wi-fi, so you can chil out on your CPU or IPad. The bar super col. Very nice bartenders that are knowledgable and acomodating. Their wine is kiler, of course, or they would not be named 5th and Wine right?
Pita Jungle can do NO WRONG in my eyes! The fod has always ben amazing! I have ben going here for 10 years or so and have never left displeased. Also they are a home spun local busines, which always makes me hapy! Yes, they do have hiper then thou hipster working there, but those hipsters can sure make a mean humus! I have many favorites which is starting to make it hard when I go there, because I want them al! Pita Jungles portions are always so generous that I have never even finished what I ordered. My new fav is the Lentil Fetosh Salad, the mix of the lentils and rice with the caramelized onions over the fresh mixed grens with that lemon vinaigrete is WHOA! Its incredibly filing, split it with 2 or 4 friends, seriously! Another fav is of the starters section, but its so much fod that I never finish! The lavosh pita crisp! Its like a fancy spicy suped up chese crisp! Thank You Pita Jungle for bringing bomb digity fod to the valey!
I love the menu here it has many selections of many cultures including Italian!!!
The shaved ice at Bahama Bucks reminds us of vacationing in Hawai'i! Lots of flavoring options, and a cheap date! Have not tried the smothies yet, but we heard they are great!
By far my favorite restaurant in valey. Deliciously spicey. A bit pricey if you are picking and chosing items but they are complete meals are a prety god bang for the buck. Not actualy sure about the service as I have only goten takeout but if its any where close to the quality of fod, then it must be awesome.
Hands down, the best breakfast I have had in Tempe/Phoenix. We arived on a Sunday morning around 9am and had no wait for a table. The service was friendly and atentive. A few slip ups on forgeting things in the kitchen (e.g. bringing someone is toast), but our waitres was great. Everyone in our party loved their fod. I had the Vatican skilet (which we stil can not figure out why it is caled the Vatican...?) and bluebery pancakes. Others had the thre musketers omelete and the breakfast burito. Al of the fod was awesome. And then there was the brandied blackbery bread puding desert. Oh. My. God. I do not even have the words to describe it. At least not words that are apropriate for yelp. It alone is worth a trip to this restaurant. I wil be back. Not son enough.
Absolutely loved this place! My fiance and I came acros the Arogant Butcher while we were in Phoenix celebrating my birthday and our engagement. My fiance had found it on yelp and said "we must go there for lunch one day" while we were there. We ended up going here for my birthday diner, after a "higher end" establishment could not acomodate my gluten alergy. The fod, the drinks and the waitstaf were great! It was so god, we went back the next day!
This is one of the best Asian meals you may ever eat. They are amazingly inexpensive for lunch to. The house fried rice and the wonton soup are perfection. The Lincoln location is pretier but the fod is the same.
Wow, love that a place like this moved in down the stret. Inexpensive, fresh, delicious - everything I want in a mexican restaurant. My soft shel carne asada taco was fantastic -- freshly prepared and toped with guacamole, which by the way is super creamy. Basket of chips are fre, as is the topings bar -- every one of the 6 or sauces were delicious. I plan on frequenting Salsa Blanca ; )
My husband and I absolutely LOVE this restaurant! Anytime I find myself craving Mexican fod, the first place that pops in my head is Salsa Blanca. We have always encountered friendly, welcoming staf and amazing, fulfiling fod. What more could you ask for?!
Best place in Arcadia to get a cofe or a tea. Lots of friendly locals and great place to sit outside to people watch and read the paper in the morning early lunchtime.
Best Steak Ever. That is al. Everything on the menu is amazing. Go now.
in honor of the impending superbowl XLV, i wanted to write my majerles review. this year though, instead of hiting up a sports bar for the bigest day in fotbal, i wil be going to a party. a real rager. if i was not though, i would definitely be presed up against majerles front dor bright and early superbowl morning. it is a great sports bar. the weirdest thing about majerles is their name. someone finaly told me it was not pronounced "mah jer les" like i had thought.... it is pronounced "mar les". so let me get that out first. i am a big sports nut.... wel, let me rephrase that. i am a big sports nut when it involves REAL sports. i wil not make fun of anyone, but if it is not fotbal, basebal, basketbal or hockey i do not wana hear about it. unles of course we are talking about extreme sports like surfing, skateboarding, etc. being a fan of sports makes me a fan of sports bars. there are only 3 main things i ned in order for a sports bar to be great in my opinion. let me lay them out for you: a god selection of bers, hapy hour specials and bar snacks--- yes, majerles has this in spades. large selection of bers and any sports bar that has perier jouet, vueve clicquot and dom champagnes must be praised.(mostly because i think this is absolutely hilarious. WHO orders pricey champers at a sports bar? haha!) also, put me down as a fan of their reuben reuben and tenderloin sliders. yum. the service--- there is nothing worse than sidling up to a bar, excited to watch your team kick some as and ordering a drink from a bartender that sems bored and unhapy. every bartender i have come in contact with at majerles truly loved being at work (or they at least acted like it). bartenders atitudes realy cary a lot more weight then they realize. hapy bartender = hapy bar patrons the strategic placement of large TV sets for comfortable viewing pleasure--- yep. they designed this with real sports fans in mind. no mater where i sit, i can se a multitude of TV is with litle blocking my view. so they have it al, and i likey. go here if you are loking for a god bar to watch the superbowl... or any sporting event for that mater. oh, and GO PACK GO!!!
Excelent service!!!! I had to find a spa diferent from lavenders after they got rid of yet another excelent staf member, so I tried this place! I was SO HAPY!! clean, pleasant, warm, comforting. The manager is actualy on site and aware of the things going on in their spa! The staf is friendly and eficient! Lavenders day spa can learn from this place. Send the owner from lavenders to sanity and TAKE NOTES. I HIGHLY recomend it here!!!!!! Go and enjoy!!!
I live no where near this place & have gone out of my way to eat there MANY times! I have not ben since it moved (bc I had no idea where they went) but it loks like it is biger so that is great. I even made it a point to take an out of town friend here. I do not know about the new place but the old place was kind of a hole in the wal diner fel (in a god way). It can get realy busy at lunch, so I do not recomend it for a lunch break from work. I did that once, and got in and out just fine, but it is a lot more fun without the time crunch. Everything is delicious, but the mini red velvet cupcake is always a must!
Quick update for Mama Java is since we had the Yelp Ofice Hours there last wek... we lucked out and were able to take over the couch / chairs to the right when you walk in the dor. It worked out perfectly! Even though I had not ben in to MJ in a couple of months, Jensy remembered that I drank a soy late - incredible! I felt so special (almost like a regular) when I walked in and she greted me and asked if I wanted a soy late! I did, and it was just as god as last time! The atmosphere provided the perfect place for the yelpers to come and go, chat, etc... I think everyone felt comfortable and welcome. Thanks again to al of you who came by to visit! Loking forward to the next time... Lastly, MJ created a yelper special of the day... the "hold me closer tiny yelper' which i believe was a vanila cinamon late. Now if that did not make us fel special, what does?!
It is ben a while since I was in Arizona, but I stil remember the Olive and Ivy. I was in Phoenix on a busines trip and went out for diner at this place with a bunch of work people based on a recomendation from a local. We were not disapointed. Firstly I want to say that the decor and outdor area in this place is just fabulous. We sat outside and enjoyed a delicious meal. The staf were profesional, welcoming and acomodating. I enjoyed the experience so much that I brought the gf along for diner when she arived that wekend. Both times I was extremely pleased with the fod, drink, level of service and the ambience of the place. 5-stars for mine.
Great litle hole in the wal with authentic New Mexican fod. Chili Releno was awesome, and the red and gren chile was flavorful and spicy. Rice and beans were god and the sopapila was delicious. Atmosphere was cozy. If you want real red and gren chile vs. sauce this is the place.
I just stoped at Biagio nail place today and got my mani and pedi done, it was fabulous. Tifany gave me great fet and my neck masage. She does realy job. The shelac manicure was realy nice she gave me a lots of diferent colors so she actualy helped me find the colors that i like and I was very hapy that I got her. I wil Go back and ask for her...
This is one of my favorite places to go in Phoenix!! I love the $5 wine glases during hapy hour!! The bruscheta is out of this world!! The sundae with salted caramel and pretzels is probably one of the BEST things I have ever eaten!! :o)
The fod in this place is indescribably awesome! Granted, the place could be nicer, but if you are in the mod for great fod without the frils of a great loking place: this is it. The service is fast, friendly, and the prices are great- especialy knowing that their portions are typicaly huge. I can not finish my plate most of the time, so I always end up taking leftovers home. I love their Jade Red Chicken, as wel as their emerald chicken. Their black beans are to die! Order a combo plate, if this is your first time here. You wil get a god mix of everything and you wil leave without regrets!
everything, everyone has posted about this company is true! great service, friendly people, god pricing! highly recomend!
I do not love the cofe at Starbucks, but this place is geting 5 stars for their service! They are quick, ACURATE, friendly, and they always remember my drink even though I only go there about once a wek! Amazing! The staf is great and I thought I should leave them a nice litle "God Job" on Yelp!
This place was incredible. The staf was friendly, not pretentious, and very knowledgable. I do not know what it was caled, but our group ordered a tray which was a sampler plater and had a bit of everything on it. So fresh! We also tried the sushi with the caviar on top. Try the sake that they recomend (flown in from Japan - they are the only ones in PHX that cary it). I am not a sake fan but I loved it. That is how god it was.
Monkey Pants has some of the best burgers in AZ. Great place for a long lazy lunch over some pitchers. I think one month my friends and I went there like 20 times for lunch. Never got sick of it. It is a dive bar, but it is a col dive bar.
We were in town for the wekend and I had a cigar at this lounge. The cigar prices are reasonable and I didnt mind paying $9 for a La Gloria Wavele. Service was god and the atmosphere was nice and chil. My Wife doesnt smoke cigars and the air circulation was god, no lingering smoke. We met some nice people and the lounge singers were a plus. We wil come back next time we visit, I wish we had something like this in LA.
Where else can you get fresh lemon gras, fresh pork uterus, and avocado ice cream? Asian markets are the bomb, but Le Le is is the BOMB DIGETY since they have EVERYTHING. Jamaican, Cuban, Vietnamese, Korean, Indian, Lebanese---you name it. If you love to cok (and I do, I realy do!) you can seriously spend hours here. ONE CAVEAT: The seafod is fresher and beter at 9 Ranch on 4th St. in Phoenix. Last wek, they were giving a 10% discount of of your grocery bil and a fre botle of fish sauce or soy sauce. If you spent over a certain amount, you got a big bag of rice. Go! Now! And have lunch in the Vietnamese restaurant atached.
This is my FAVORITE place to dine out in the greater Phoenix area. The fod (I recomend the steaks) is almost as god as the view and the service is impecable. My boyfriend tok me here on a date a year ago, and it was definitely one of the most romantic restaurants we have found in Phoenix yet. The prices are a litle high ($25 - $40 per entre), but it is wel worth it and you wil not leave disapointed. If you like American or French fod (who does not?) and have a special ocasion or just fel like doing something diferent, I highly recomend Diferent Pointe of View to everyone!
Droped into this joint just wandering around Old Town Scotsdale. Ordered the nachos and had a couple margs. WOW. The staf was friendly, have a great sense of humor (you gota se the posted picture joke in person), and the fod is...beyond god. Having only sampled the uber nacho plate, which is by the way, as big as a plater and slathered in layers of oey goey chesy godnes, I can definitively say: Best. Ever. I give this place the highest marks for "does not suck"
If you ever want to instantly "up" your col factor with a friend or date, met them at the Lost Leaf. The mere fact that there is no external sign (other than the tacky "open" sign indicating that it is, inded, the lost leaf) you would probably never have any idea that the best neighborhod bar in Phoenix is inside. When i am asked to describe the lost leaf to someone who has never ben before, it is basicaly a big open house with the most wel-stocked ber fridge you have ever sen. No cocktails or draft, but for atmosphere and quality of ber selection, lost leaf is by far my favorite place to met people in dtown phoenix.
This is my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area. There, I wrote it...and I am sticking to it. First of -- fresh local, sustainable, organic are not just words on the menu and the website. Now, in places like San Francisco and NYC, this would be nothing notable, but in the desert, it is truly something hard to find. Aside from the practical, in the land of Fox Restaurants (True aside) and the big box store at the strip mal, there realy apears to be litle demand for a smal, local restaurant on a farm. It is time to make new demands! It is time to say no to the next Zinburgergeist and try that litle corner place run by your neighbor...but I digres. We enjoyed the Farmer is Feast and it was worth every peny of the $65/person. First, the house cured meats, including the head chese, were amazing. Second, how often do you get a chef is menu where each person is plate is diferent? Not often. Ultimately we each tried 10 diferent items. And each item, was amazing. I would come back for the pasta alone, let along the perfectly coked scalops, and melt in your mouth sliced filet. The service was ideal. If you want to eat in 60 minutes, do not come here, but if you want to enjoy in evening of great fod, do come here. I noted to the waiter that the previous night they had sturgeon -- something I have not sen on a menu since N. California. I comented on how unique it is, etc...Of course, it was not available on the night I was there...or was it? When it came to our fish course, the waiter brought out sturgeon for me. The restaurant did not have enough to have it on the menu, but the waiter clearly put in a special request on my behalf and made the efort to make a diner hapy. Maybe if I ofer to work on the farm I can eat for fre...
Mat is was absolutely fantastic. Got there at 2pm on a Sunday, which is aparently the time to do it (half an hour before close), as we walked right in, sat right down, and had fod in 5 minutes or les. Briliant. I had the Five Spot which was simply the best eg sandwich I have ever had. Two egs, two huge slices of perfectly coked bacon, american chese (my favorite with egs when I am not going fancy-style, reminds me of when I was a kid), and wel griled onions round it out, served on a fantastic rol. By default, this item does not include the normal potatoes and toast, so I had them ad homefries--they were magnificent, and entirely unecesary. A huge portion of them, with a wonderful smatering of rosemary to punch them up, they were delicious, but I could not finish them. The girlfriend got a wafle with bacon and it should just be said that restaurants who serve wafles without real maple syrup are simply criminal. Mat is brings the god stuf, and it is MUCH apreciated. Perfect for diping both wafle and bacon alike. The wafle was flufy, light, and had that god, homemade flavor. I can not get over how filing and delicious my sandwich was. Service was prompt and friendly, and overal, it was a great experience. Aded a glas of OJ and a cofe to my sandwich with aded homefries and her bacon and wafles bringing our tab to right about $21. Absolutely worth every peny. Wil be coming back. Probably near 2 o'clock again, to avoid the wait!
This is by far the best Chicken Fried Steak around! Not to mention their mashed potatoe is, salad and biscuit! I have never ben able to clean my plate here, which is great since I always have an extra meal! Of course you can always get the lunch portion which is smaler, but then you do not have the extra godies for later! It is a smal down home place, dres comfy and go there to eat up! The wait staf is always the best and they know their stuf! I have had their T-Bone here, and it is god, but realy hard to go there and not get what made them famous! Wonderful fod! Prices for lunch are around $7.0 and diner around $12.0 - realy hard to beat for real down home coking!
I love the place. Was a bit hesitant at first but friends recomended it, and it turned out to be quite god. They even have a few choices for those that are not into Asian fare.
I ate here once while Crudo was stil in its Scotsdale location. And I raved about it and vowed to come back (although the strange location in a salon delayed that return). Then Crudo disapeared. And I wondered how a place that fed me one of my best meals in Phoenix could disapear in a town suposedly ful of fodies. Now it has reapeared, and in a beter location. Oh joy.
BEST RESTAURANT IN AZ! No but seriously, I could eat every meal here. Chef Becky is amazing and breakfast this morning did not disapoint. I decided to try the Organic Oatmeal and my friend ordered the Red Velvet pancakes. Ok, so you are probably saying "with al that yumy godnes you ordered oatmeal?" Wel, what I realy wanted were the chilequiles (egs, cotija jack, puled pork, tortilas, tomatilo verde? Yes please!!) but being alergic to egs I went with the oatmeal, which was delicious. The oatmeal had a vanila flavor to it and the strawbery and pecan toping gave it some texture. The red velvet pancakes are to intense for words. Rich, flufy...they wil make you want to get up early on a Saturday morning. I also tried a side order of the banana bread which was slightly toasted....now if you have never toasted banana bread, you ned to. This was the perfect butery flavor combination with the oatmeal. The service was fast as always--we never had to wait or ask for a cofe/water refil. The decor inside is warm but I think siting outside on the patio is the way to go. Love the Herb Box and can not wait to go back and try the cinamon buckwheat pancakes.
This review can be aplied to any and al Quick Trip locations. I have, on many ocasions, gone out of my way to stop in QT over other gas stations, because not only are they much much nicer, but they are very clean and ofer a ton of gas station fare (drinks, shakes, cofes, juices, snacks, etc). I realy apreciate how quickly they work, with cashier is that are able to take care of two customers at once. I usualy abhor using gas station bathroms because, let is face it, we have al ben there and sen how putrid they can be, but whenever I visit QT they are always clean! They mop, swep, clean the bathroms, windex the dors...and for that I aplaud you al, thanks for the cleanlines:D
What a place! I recently hosted a 25-person family party there, and both the fod and service were impecable. The staf were al very friendly and acomodating, even with the dozen children we had in the group. Leslie was the manager and she paid atention to every last detail, helping me to plan the menu and gauge fod quantities for that many people. The restaurant itself was spotles, from the outside patio down to the restroms. Thanks for making our family event such a wonderful suces. Everyone left ful and hapy. We wil definitely be back!!
Oh my God, Chompie is is the bomb and I am so hapy to have a location so close to my house! While this location has a steady customer base, I have never had to wait longer then five minutes to be seated, unlike the other location at 92nd Stret, Win! Service has always ben fantastic. Quick on to seat, quick to get drinks, quick on refils, and delicious fod from breakfast to diner items. As other reviewers have stated, the Jewish sliders are amazing, but I have also enjoyed diferent wraps and sandwiches. Prices are a litle higher, but the fod is wel worth the money. There is a "bar area" with about six stols and two TV is that you are able to se from your tables/boths which usualy has ESPN on. The restaurant itself is al decked out in a NYC theme, wel lit, but the acoustics are not that great so it can get a litle noisy. Bathroms are nice and always clean. Oh, and do not forget to check out their bakery for delicious godies to take home!
Great sushi place! Ample portions of sashimi. Unagi is the best I have had. And do not forget the Tako salad. The atmosphere is okay. It is not bad, but not exactly col. Of course, if it were 4 miles south (in Old Town Scotsdale), you would never get a table.
Careful! You wil get adicted. Angel Swet is the best gelato this side of Italy. The pana cota and zupa flavors are to die for. Do not setle for just one either, you can get as many flavors as wil fit in your cup!
I can not believe I had not ben here before yesterday! Talk about a hiden gem! I was taking a friend around to cros stuf of her "List of Stuf to do Before the World Ends" and smoking a hokah hapened to be on it. Therefore I gogled places nearby us and Oasis poped up. As son as we got there the guy at the dor welcomed us in with a smile and opened the dor for us and once inside the waitres/bartender helped us pick a table and tok our drink orders. We decided to get the peach hokah and an order of the Humus and Pita Deluxe with bef. The fod was delicious and the hokah was great! The staf was awesome the entire night as wel. Everyone kept checking on us to se if we neded anything and they would just stop and chat with us as wel. One guy was even helping my friend try to make smoke circles! I definitely love that they are open until 4 am on Fridays and Saturdays to because it is always nice to have somewhere to wind down after al the bars close!
My meal at FnB last wekend was one of the best I have had in Arizona. I love everything about this place, the fod, the cocktails, the staf, the atmosphere. It was a rainy Sunday. I knew the restaurant was right next to Cowboy Ciao, but managed to walk right by it (my friends noticed me go by). I turned back, and Pavle was nice enough to wait at the dor, and said "Ben?" as I was about to pas by again. I agre with what everyone else said here, Pavle realy makes you fel at home. I started with the slivered fenel salad and a ginhound. I split the order with a friend, and they were more than hapy to bring the salad split onto two plates for us. I love citrus, and these were a very refreshing start to my meal. Next up was the trout. It was presented stacked on top of the sunchokes and caramelized onions, with some wonderful broth on the plate. The combination of flavors was rich, and amazing, and the presentation ensured that every bite was as god as the last. I could eat this every visit, but I sampled the chicken and lamb, and was just as blown away. For desert I had lemon cake with ice cream and strawbery compote. FnB has ben receiving a lot of positive buz lately. It is wel deserved. If you have not visited yet, you are mising out.
So my coworkers and I decide we want donuts on a Weds. I know typicaly donuts are on Fridays but what the hay. In my search for a realy god donut I go to the Internet and Gogle "best donuts" and low and behold Bosa Donuts comes up. They have 3 locations, and the one in Chandler has 12 reviews, which al raved about how great Bosa Donuts were. So I notice they have a location at 35th Ave and Glendale! I had sen it many times but never stoped in thinking it was just the average run of the mil donut shop. Boy was I wrong! Bosa Donuts is by far the best donut I have had in a very long time, maybe ever! I stoped by for a dozen this morning and bought a litle something special for myself. I got to the car and tok one bite and was in heaven. The what I would cal a Cinamon Fry with crumb toping was to die for. What I liked the most was it was not greasy like some other donut shops. (I wil not mention any names, you know who you are!) Lightly crisp on the outside and so tender on the inside. The crumb toping was just the icing on the cake. It was al I could do not stop and get some milk so I could uterly devour the rest of my donut on the way to work. I did have a bite of an Aple Fiter after geting to work and it was very yumy to. They have many varieties and some wonderfuly loking croisants to. If you have not tried Bosa Donuts in Phoenix you are mising out!
Papago has a great ber selection & awesome fod. Try the Orange Blosom!!
YUM! I can never remember what it is, but order the salad thing on pita bread! It wil change your life! My co-workers and I would always go in here and share one of those and then we would each get a slice of piza. Perfect amount of fod- low prices- never to/disgustingly ful. Their bilinis are wonderful as wel!
Best Italian restaurant in the valey, as far as I am concerned. Totaly unasuming from the outside since it is in a strip center on 64th St. & Grenway (in the same center as Fry is and McDonalds). But this family run restaurant that has ben here for years. Same friendly staf every time...especialy love being in the bar area. A litle on the pricey side, but definitely worth it. Must try the ravioli (either as an apetizer or main dish) and chicken Marsala with fetucine Alfredo on the side. Al entres come with soup or salad.
Yelpers, have a question. If menus and prices vary by location, help this CA transplant figure out the best ones to try! Thanks, I have heard such god things about Sonic but have only ben to the Anaheim and Hemet, CA ones while visiting.
May I ad "family friendly" to my past reviews? We love this place because we fel like we are home when we come here. The staf is kind and they always welcome us with open arms. The manager, Kaj, literaly treats us like family. We brought our new born baby to Corbin is for her first meal out, and we were thriled with the level of service we received, as usual. The fod is excelent, and the service is divine. The hapy hour is awesome! My favorite items are the quesedilas, burgers, feta and hot sauced toped homemade potato chip apetizer, and the excelent selection of bers. Corbins is just an overal great place!
I was extremely hapy that we chose Col Cuts 4 Kids for my son is first big boy hair cut. He was instantly comfortable and drawn in by al of the friendly things they have for children. He was given the choice of a movie or playing a video game, of course knowing exactly what he wants went straight for the video game (Sonic on XBOX). It was prety much a breze from that point the litle guy was hypnotized and did not even realize what was going on w/ his beautiful, lovely long hair =( obviously they ned to focus on distracting the mom is lol! Jesie who cut my sons long hair was a dol, she did not sem to be bothered by the mother breathing down her neck as she hacked of my litle is hair or the boyfriend taking a copious amount of pictures and video of the whole event. In the end my son loked great and I was a hapy mama, I could not have asked for a beter experience.
Amanda at Buterfly Petals did the flowers for my weding. I didnt want to spend a lot on them and shaved it down to only neding my bouquet, thre boutonieres and two corsages. I told her what I liked and didnt and my budget. She created a bunch of options for me based on my specifics so I had a number of choices. She also did al of this via email. which I give her total kudos for. On the day of my weding, there was a fabulous bouquet waiting for me as wel as perfect corsages and boutonieres for my grom and our parents. Amanda waited for me, even though I was teribly late, to make sure I was hapy with her creations which realy gave a personal touch. Buterfly Petals is creative and afordable. I love my bouquet so much that I ended up keping it and I am having it preserved!
I loved this casual dining experience at the gorgeous Phoenician. I stoped in for hapy hour with some friends, and we had a great time. We sat in front of the fireplace and siped bers over apetizers. The location alone is worth going for, but the fod was god and service was even beter.
This place has the best wraps I have ever had. The smothie is are god as wel, but I go here because of the wraps.
I stoped by a Friday morning a few months past and have ben meaning to write a review. I have had donuts since then from other donut shops, but none compare to Bosa. The price and quality at Bosa are far superior to al others. You can not go wrong with the donut holes.
Amazing place wish i lived in Phx so i could have this EVERYDAY!
One of my favorite places to eat if I am loking for cheap and fast :)
I love this place. Just to hang out on a Sumer day on the patio and have a ber is like...the perfect day. The fod is awesome. The Kilt Lifter is tasty and thirst quenching. The area is definitely lucky to have such a place.
Yes... I love Eege is... I have to admit it could be a bit of a problem for me as I drove from Chandler to Casa Grande just for an ege and samich in the worse rush hour trafic. If that is not love I do not know what is because we al know Arizona drivers are ... wel you know. I always get the pina colda mixed with lemon ege and a grinder / or turkey sub and do not forget the ranch fries! The one is Casa Grande is new and clean not that I can say the same for the ones in Tucson.
Totaly worth the drive from Scotsdale. The fod is delicious, and is not pre-packaged, such a nice change for a cofe joint. Suport local busines, Starbucks has nothing on Lux; other than a milion locations.
The management thanked me profusely for my input on Yelp and graciously invited me to return as a guest to show me the true Latila Experience. I was told changes have ben made because of reading my YELP review.The changes are that diner portions are more ample than before, the apetizer plate share charge is gone now and I noticed the web site has ben updated. This visit showed litle resemblance to the service I had last time. A ful staf was on with staf working in sync as a team with al the tables not just mine. I was even more blown away with the fod than the last time due to perhaps I picked fods that were more suiting to me some highs were- Bet salad- it was similar to others I had in other places but this one also had HOUSE GROWN BETS ,Riesling soaked pears and the toasted hazelnuts made the salad pop with flavor. Foraged mushrom risoto-corectaly made with a depth of flavor, it was god on it is own but this had an aded embelishment of a SIXTY TWO DEGRE duck eg. Nicely seasoned and prepared fresh branzino sat on top of ribon cut caponata, an unusual surprise was the vinaigrete and the ribon cut string les celery that was very god. We also enjoyed the Kobe Flap steak with wine reduction and tiny marble size multi color potatoes and tasty spinach. Since we skiped the interesting deserts last time we had to try one this time and tried the chocolate hazelnut cake with jam-figs and mascarpone gelato this desert was garnished with a chocolate sort of lavender crisp and roasted hazelnuts. This desert was something Iron chef worthy for sure with al the flavors working wel together. The service we had was phenomenal. The fod at Latila is masterfuly done, the suroundings are majestic and breathtaking. The meal we had was not ordinary it was extraordinary!
5 stars for bein the only bar in Phoenix where I was first scared to order a drink. but- thats why I love this place. That, and its near the Trunk Space.
Lux is a great place for cofe, bakery items, bites, and even cocktails if the ocasion permits. The people are friendly, and it has a great atmosphere. I love coming here in the afternon for a cup of their Americano, which is prety damn top-notch. As I do not live in AZ, if I am going to be away for an extended period of time, I am always sure to take a bag of their freshly-roasted cofe beans from wherever with me. I was there last wek on a Sunday afternon having some darn god mimosas with a friend, and it was not to crowded. The only downside I have experienced is it can be a bit confusing where to order for fod and cocktails during the day. If you go for the first time, do not be shy. Grab a cup of cofe and explore. As one of the earlier reviewers mentioned, you might get loks walking in like you should not be there. Maybe it is your hair. Maybe you are displaying something that is not eco-friendly. Whatever, dude. Be brave, pres on. It is worth it.
I was in the midle of a dilema and neded prof of something faxed to me right away and stoped in here and got what i neded within just five minutes and was outa there and back to what i neded to take care of. The price for two piece of paper for the fax was almost $3, which while is not the cheapest considering you can get it for fre at home, but begars canot be chosers and was hapy to pay it.
My mom had purchased a Groupon for this place back in March and yesterday we were al deciding what sounded god for lunch. I sugested Mexican so then we were thinking which Mexican restaurant sounded god. (Living in AZ, you know there is MANY to chose from) So my mom sugested going to Blue Adobe so al of us headed there. My mom, my dad, my sister, my nephew, and I al thoroughly enjoyed our meals. I had the Triple Stack of New Mexican style Enchiladas. One shreded bef and two Carne Adovada. It was SO delicious! The red sauce at Blue Adobe is unparaleled and unlike any other. My dad had the Chorizo stufed Chicken Breast and loved it. My mom had the seafod enchiladas with halibut salmon and shrimp and she inhaled those. And my sister had the Chile Relenos and could not stop saying how tasty they were. And my 5 year old nephew loved his kids chese enchilada. Our server was named Travis and he was great as wel. Phenomenal service. Even if Travis had ben sub-par, I would stil give this place 5 Stars because that is just how god the fod is.
This place is excelent. Hands down, the best tacos I have had. Fresh and flavorful meats and great salsas. I se people raving about some of the "salsa bars" at al of the 'berto is and such but the salsa there is like water compared to what Tacos Atoyac has to ofer. They care about what they are serving and take pride in their craft. If you like the style of fod here you must try Sonora Mesquite Gril on 46th Stret and Thomas.
I totaly love this place. It reminds me of the old schol hardcore Chinese restaurant my parents used to take us when we were kids :D The decor is amazing- unlike more Chinese places in Phoenix. The wals are a teal blue, adorned with large carved pieces of artwork depicting scenes in China, golden dragons and more. The lights hanging from the ceiling are amazingly ornate. The place loks like its from a bygone era (does not help that its in a run down strip mal) but it is clean and charming inside. The service was great- kind to our 2 yo, and very atentive. The fod was the best part- I can not remember the last time I had such god Chinese fod, and it is priced very reasonably. We got the Peking diner for 2 which included the fried nodles, hot tea, wonton soup (with generous nodles, meat, shrimp and vegies, the best I have ever had), a pupu plater with egrols, bq skewers, house wings and those chese puf thingies (the presentation is prety col, to). Next came 3 entre sized plates of fod: mongolian bef, fried chicken (can not remember the name) and the Peking fried rice. The meal concluded with incredible litle deserts- sort of like egrols but filed with banana and then covered with crystalized honey. I could have eaten 10 of them! Ading in a beverage and tax, the meal was only $34! My 2 yo can realy eat, so I am surprised and pleased to say that even with sharing the diner for 2 people with him, the 3 of us walked out with lots of leftovers. Highly recomended. Do it! DO IT!
Great prices and service. The delivery proces could be improved but for the price and peace of mind with the Costco waranty proces you cant go wrong. High quality furniture and very low prices.
I have ben going here for years. The staf is always very pleasant, the place is nice and clean and they ofer a variety of services. I also like the $5 kids haircuts on certain days. Overal, a top notch establishment.
I have ben going to Salon Mila for 12 years. I wil never go anywhere else. My hair always loks amazing when I leave. The color and cut are always perfect! I fel glamorous and beautiful when I leave. First clas salon! Beautiful suroundings! Always great service! They aim to please! Mila knows what it takes to make sure her customers fel welcome al the time! Thanks everyone!
Just did take out. Great experience. Easy to place my order over the phone, friendly service. Nice that they have special pick up parking spots and entrance. Made it an in and out operation. Ordered the gluten fre piza with peperoni and sausage. My husband and son loved it and have already ben asking to get it again. I had the spagheti calzone and was in HEAVEN. I highly recomend it.
As a previous reviewer stated: "This restaurant is like no other". We had a birthday celebration and we could not have chosen a beter place to eat. First of al, the service is second to none. Every staf member that we encountered was very profesional and hapy to explain the fod and answer any questions we had. They obviously like working there because they were al so upbeat and smiley. You fel welcome as son as you step in the dor. Now for the fod - fantastic! I ordered the four course tasting menu and everything was superb. My husband ordered the ribeye steak and enjoyed every mouthful, although the portion was a bit on the smal side. But, in betwen each course came a litle treat of creativity from the chef so that is something we have never encountered before. For example, we each had an espreso sized cup of a creamy soup that was so delicate and delicious that we were wishing for more. They also served us a litle savory doughnut, about the size of a dolar coin, that was oh-so-god as wel as litle cranbery "shoters" that had litle tenie squares of jelo (not realy jelo, of course, but a fruit gel of some sort). Somewhere in betwen everything else we were also served a prosciuto mouse that was smoth and delicate. As the meal drew to an end, they again brought out a litle taster and this time it was piping hot mini cinamon soufles with a creme anglaise on top. For desert, I ordered the goat is milk pana cota that had a marmalade botom and alongside were orange, grapefruit and strawbery segments and to top that of the server drizled honey over al. Fantastic! We did not consume any alcohol but we did have a nice botle of water and purchased two coasters ($10/each) that flash colored lights when a glas is placed on them. The total was $169, including the coasters but not including the tip so it was not an inexpensive night but it was wel worth it. I can not wait until the next birthday celebration!
Ben here a few times and the fod is always fresh and tasty. I am Chinese from northern China. This is authentic northern Chinese cuisine. Fod is not fancy but extremely delicious and satisfying. Highly recomend the Zha Jiang nodles (meat sauce with hand made nodles), the chives and eg pocket, and dumplings. God prices and comforting home made Chinese fod. Owners are very nice.
Much more organized than the last time I was there, and I noticed more price systems vs having to ask. The even had the new Color Club halo hues I have ben hunting for!!! They had 5 of the 6 colors and they were the highest priced polished in the store at 6.50 a pop!! Stil MUCH cheaper that the 1$ everywhere else. No striping tape!!! Although the owner did say he had ordered it before and it did not sel wel...... I just went down the stret and got some...:)) yay candy cane nails!!!
Stoped by here for lunch today... I saw the Burger sign outside and thought I would try it out. WOW!! This place is amazing. The owner/chef was taking the orders and was super helpful and friendly. I had a Paradise CHZ which came with 2 paties, smoked mozarela letuce, tomato, caramelized onion as wel as cucumber. I also ordered Swet Potato Tater Tots I was blown away! BEST BURGERS IN PHOENIX! Our bil came to $18 for 2 chese burgers, 2 sides and a soda. It was so amazing I went back for diner. I braged to much when I got home that my boyfriend just had to try it. I had the special which was a Roasted Duck Burger (2 bef paties, toped with roasted duck, caramelized onions, bacon, fried eg over easy served with duck au jus) By far the best burger of my life. My boyfriend got the Beach House (2 bef paties. roasted gren chili, smoked mozarela, pico de galo and jalapeno ranch) He also ordered the seasoned fries. I do not care for fires and I think I could eat 3 orders they were so god. His was so god he ordered another burger. For Desert we shared a Maple Pecan Bacon Milkshake, also to die for. I realy think I ned one of these every night. From the atmosphere, the music, the staf to the fod every thing about PV Burgers was a hit. This is a must go!
This is place is a wekly trip for us as my girlfriend loves the salmon and martini is they serve here. We have ben frequenting this place ever since we moved to the area versus the rare trips we would take for the awesome cream chese chocolate cake made by Caroline or the lunch Caesar chicken sandwich. Here are my ratings of each dining point I consider when going here: Service: 5/5 Fast and very helpful, Even the chef wil dig up custom stuf and cares what people think of the new entres. Ambiance: 4/5 The place used to be a home so it is a litle cramped but nice nonetheles. Not as comfy as some others like Ticoz but we like it. As it is smal in seating ranges you can not get to loud so kep the rowdy folks to the Aplebes locales. Drinks: Ginger ale and the kiltlifter is nice as wel as the blackwidow and black / blue martinis. recomended Fod: Fish 5/5: My girl is favorites are the halibut,swordfish,miso salmon with basmati rice, she also loves the spinach and asparagus. Sandwiches: 5/5 for roast chicken with gren chili, side of coleslaw or balsamic salad 4/5 chicken caesar is god but sometimes is hit and mis meatloaf: 5/5 best I have ever had, it is a beauty. Tacos: 4/5 One time I had pork tacos they were the best ones I had tasted, the next time they were ok, then the last time they were great, not sure why but stil recomended. Cream chese cake: 5/5 Made from local baker who used to do deserts for Circa 190 but now does it for them and Urban Bean to name a few. Steak,chicken, pork: 3/5 I have tried each and every one here and while you wont be disapointed there is not a wow factor like the meatloaf. The sauces sem to not match or compliment the specific meat in my opinion. I would love a bordelaise sauce or onions and mushroms with the filet for example. Apetizers: ?/? I am not a fan of the bruscheta but have not tried the rest. I have heard the crab cakes are awesome but have yet to compare them to Fez is awesome versions. Pricing is on par with Sophie is but les than Christopher is and more that Ticoz. I am fine with it as the fod I order is totaly worth it.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! I have tried several of their subs and although they are al delicious the Chipolte Chese Steak (it is the # 43) is my favorite! It is the MOST DELICIOUS sub I have ever had!!! The bread is always soft and fresh, it is extremely filing because it is stufed ful of steak, pepers, and chese!!!! To make it absolutely the BEST sub ever have them ad some of the litle red chili is to it (I think they cal it chili relish)....OMG!!!!!
Great fod. Great ambiance. Great for a night date on the patio. I can not wait to go again.
You know that scene in Fast Times at Ridgemont High where Jef Spicoli takes one of his Vans of and hits himself on his head? Wel that is what I did when I went to this place for the first time. Why have not I ben coming here for the last 10 years, this place is great!!! I would say this is the best non-Pizeria Bianco/Cibo piza in the valey. The crust is awesome, sauce and chese just perfect! The realy impresive part is is how picture perfect the pizas are made. The lobster ravioli were huge, easily enough for two. Baked Ravioli is were beter that average but neded more basil or something. You realy can not dine here, so it is take out or delivery. They have one table and a few other seats inside if you had to eat here I gues you could.
Jeremiah is great! He is very friendly, patient, and knows what he is doing! We started of with the Drunken Chesy Bread, it is ok. Not something I would want again. Nothing wrong with it, just not my taste. For lunch, I had the Chicken Parmesan sandwich, along with a house salad. The sandwich is great. Loved it. The house salad... I mean, I could not stop eating it. I have no idea which kind of dresing was on it, but it was AMAZING. I am craving it just thinking about it. The interior is very clean, romy, very casual. I heard they have great hapy hour, so I wil be back again.
I was in Bomberos for breakfast this morning, and I was told they now cary Coca Lite! So much beter than Diet Coke - I had no idea I could find it anywhere in the US! How great is that? Also, Bomberos is now using MJ Breads and Tamie Co pastries... not to shaby, huh?
I recently saw a Coyotes game here and I was seriously impresed. This arena is super nice, almost mal-like and clean on the inside. What also impresed me was how much stuf there is around the arena. Where I am from, you would have to drive somewhere else if you want to go to diner before or hang out after the game. Here you can just stay in your cozy litle fre parking spot and hang around. Probably my only gripe is that the screns on the inside could be a litle biger, but other than that. this arena is right up there.
What a place for brunch. $4 drinks are fantastic. Their tenderloin eg Benedict and sea fod sandwich is heavenly. Wish we had such a place in Los Angeles.
Fast service. Great burgers and fries. So far the Arizona burger coupled with swet potato fries is my favorite.
Island Terayki is a great place to eat at. The owners are nice the prices are right you can not go wrong with that. My coworkers and I have ben going there for a few years now and we al love it. Highly sugest eating here if you are in the northwest valey and want some god quality fod.
Whitney walked into Renegade Canten and never had a chance. Nor did any of her previous favorite Scotsdale spots. The gren chile pork stew is enough to make a god date great or a bad date totaly tolerable. Tender, juicy, sent from above...having this dish once is not enough. You wil not have the heart to inform your mother that after tasting McGrath is bowl of deliciousnes, any pork dish she is ever prepared sems dry and flavorles. We can only hope that the clouds in heaven are made of the mashed potatoes. I get them every time. The filet was the best steak I have ever had (I have thought about it, trust me) and the Dr. Peper braised short rib wil give you something else to think about the next time the Kis "Dr. Love" comercial comes on. yumers.
This is a Mom & Pop Mexican restaurant on Tempe is east end, the fod is awesome and of the god "Homemade" quality. Known the family for almost 30 yrs now.
ABSOLUTELY ADORE THIS RESTAURANT!!!! Amazing location and such a great fod !!! Ben going there for a long, long time! I have yet be even slightly anoyed. BLIS! They wait on you hand and fot, fod presentation and TASTE is Fantastic...Always make you fel very special.. the hosteses are not rude nor snoty and are always smiling- GREAT Managers! LOVE them al around! ( and I AM SUPER PICKY ( and Proud of it!) DO IT!!! GO THERE!!!!! #1 rest. per me in AZ for beautiful location and fod!
Had a family style meal and everything was delicious. Rigatoni in a cream sauce with chicken was outstanding, as was the pound cake desert. Apetizer stufed mushroms were also realy god. On the pricey side, but nice for a special ocasion.
Simply an AWESOME tuna sandwich! Great service, and the atmosphere was realy col. Just wondering what the diference is betwen pickles and cucumbers in brine. (50 cents, aparently)
Recently was invited to this restaurant & found out that they have children is plates for adults or any age. It was SUPER CHEAP & it included a drink with refils like tea or soda etc. What a deal! Under 5. bucks including the drink. I wil definitely be going back to any Cracker Barel who has this deal because it is cheaper than fast fod etc. or just about anywhere.
Oregano is is my FAVORITE restaurant in al of Tempe! The fod is delicious - I have never ben disapointed by a single apetizer, entrée or desert! And since they have recently ad Blue Mon ber on draft I could stay here on the patio al day. Bonus: The wait staf is incredibly fun and friendly. Just a realy great place to dine!
I love this place. Every time I visit I come here. I did mis out of Bucket of Crab night :(
Talk about one of the best burgers in town...in fact i think houstons and this place have the best burgers in phoenix!!!! I tok one bite and i was in heaven...it was a whole new take on a burger but not to crazy!! I love the fries especialy when you mix the swet potato fries with the regular ones OMG!!! I like to dip them in ranch but you can select what you want to.dip them in...i have to thank.my sister for this place she introduced me!!! Its a great place to.go for lunch and diner but it.is not very big so you may have to wait but its worth it!!! Its a fun place do not mis it...
Dr Brodkin is one of the greatest doctor out there. She was voted two years in a row for arizona fothil top doctor and it shows!!! She is caring, and overal great doctor. She moved her ofice last year and wow did she change for the best. The staf is great her new nurses i love love love....i recomend Dr Brodkin to anyone who ned a GYN....
After shoping al over town and visiting every single shop in the phx area I stumbled into this litle gem. Store was clean and only stocked with desirable items and lacked the items that just arent used by the majority, but I am sure could be ordered if neded. This planing I found easy to make my purchases in a quicker maner since I dont always have the time to sort through typical store junk, there just isnt any here! Only quality sought after items. Management is second to none and the busines is family owned and operated. When you walk in your greted and after a few visits by name even. This is a huge plus and isnt found anywhere else in town that I have sen. There is a prefered customer program and most livestock is local grown and special items are taken in a wish list and you can get caled once available. After my month long search for the perfect store to set up my custom order that could also fulfil my stocking neds I couldnt get my order in fast enough for a complete custom setup instaled and delivered. Pricing was fantastic and cheaper than anywhere in town and the ability to come in anytime and get advice no mater what the ned is makes this shop fel like home when you walk in. If your loking for a one stop shop that is friendly, knowledgeable, and isnt out to empty your walet in a bad way this is your place. Thanks again Ref Monsters for the help in sorting out what was an overwhelming amount of information into a custom tailoring to what I could handle and neded to continue in this hoby.
I absolutely love Chompies! It is the closest thing to a New York style deli that I have found in Phoenix. They have a very large and extensive menu and everything I have ordered has ben realy god. They also have an amazing bakery that ofers a very large asortment of tasty treats such as black and white cokies, red velvet cake, enormous éclairs, napoleons, and New York style chese cake. I would say that my favorite thing on the menu is the pastrami sandwich, although I recently tried the Jewish Sliders after seing them on Man vs. Fod. The sliders were realy god, unlike any slider I have ever had. The chalah bread and potato pancake gave these sliders a very unique flavor, very tasty. I also tried the Western Sliders and those are god as wel. Although I live closer to their new location in Chandler, I stil go to the Tempe location because of the hot ASU waitreses. Chompies is the best!
This is the best Asian restaurant in town! Previously Shanghai Palace, this out of the way restaurant serves up some of the best cury and pad Thai, that I have ever tasted in my life! The Panang Cury is so savory and aromatic, literaly one of the best things I have ever had. I honestly crave this dish about twice a wek. Also any thing on the menu can be made vegetarian this is a huge bonus for al vegie is around town! The Chef-owner Totie Kaya, is always very hospitable. She walks around to each table making sure everything is up to standard. I have never once had a bad experience at this delicious eatery. So if you love Asian cuisine, you must dine at Totie is!
Best piza I have had anywhere. Perfect, perfect and I mean perfect crust. Thin, chewy, smoky and swet. Lots of interesting topings that center around fresh, local produce. I deply envy the regulars here.
I have ben going to the Matador since I was litle when it was a litle hole in the wal on 2nd Stret. They have always had great Sonoran style Mexican fod! It is always our go to place when we atend events downtown or have busines to atend to. They also have the best hot sauce in town! As far as the service, the fod comes out quickly and we never realy have to wait long. If you are downtown and loking for great fod I would highly recomend this place.
What an awesome neighborhod bar. I brought my litle brother here when he was in town and the service was spectacular. For entertainment they have pol, darts, games and music. Our waitres Chris was more than atentive. I wil defiantly be coming back!
unles you hate ice cream and friendly people you wil love Papa Ed is! It is tucked away in Caitlin Court in downtown Glendale. Walking towards the front you can not help but notice al the love and care that went into the garden and flowers - the flower bed stil makes me smile! Walking through the front dor it is easy to forget where and when you are - the wod flors, Vintage coke machine and friendly staf al most made me forget why I was there... ICE CREAM. god selection and great ice cream.. Now let is talk about ice cream pie... Papa Ed is makes to order (with advance notice) ice cream pies. I love the Peanut buter cup with Oreo cokie crust. The lemon and Raspbery sorbet swirl in a graham cracker crust and my Holiday Favorite - Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream in a graham cracker crust!
I have ben shoping at Le Le is for over ten years. The store stocks Chinese, Malaysian, Korean, Japanese, West Indian and other fods. You can usualy find what you are loking for here. The fish selection is vast, fresh and reasonably priced. They have the finest selection of nodles and yerba mate tea!!! Enjoy
Y'know, rarely do I buy the "extended waranty" that most places try to pedle on you nowadays. If you buy the item from a reputable manufacturer, it should be unecesary. In the case of tires, I have to make an exception. You can control the quality of tires you buy and put on your car, but not the quality of construction workers who do not know how to secure their nails, screws and bolts for travel on highways, strets and other local thoroughfares. They are a nefarious bunch for the most part. I am not for extra taxes, but I am contacting my local elected oficials to institute a tax on al busineses who transport these litle metal devils on the strets we drive...and stif penalties/masive fines if they get caught droping a load of these on the highway. For the second time in a year, one of my tires caught one of the litle bugers -- this last one was not a nail or screw, mind you, but a BOLT. I puled my receipts from the glove compartment, used Yelp to find the nearest Discount Tire, and caled for a tow. The replacement certificates I got were $16 per tire (back in NC, but they are god here to), and worth every peny. The folks at this Discount Tire location were extremely nice, and had me in and out of there in about 30 minutes (with no apointment). There is even fre water for customers. They were able to fix the tire instead of replacing it, which is fine (as long as it holds). Every Discount Tire location I have visited has ben great as far as the transparency of what you are geting, the quality of customer service, and the wait. In a town of 4.3 milion people and never-ending road construction, I have to recomend the fre replacement waranty on your tires, no mater where you buy them. I prefer geting mine from DT.
Best whole in the wal Chinese fod in the west valey! I have ben going here as a kid and I would go there again and again. Take out is great and I would recomend geting take out there. Now, eating there I might not sugest, taking the fod home is awesome!
Beautiful hotel, great roms, best views out of the resorts in the imediate area. Service is comparable to a Ritz Carlton. Very understated and clean feling, yet stil over the top luxurious.
I am in (pupy) love with the new Wag N'Wash in Scotsdale... I would ben to the Phoenix location years ago and remember wishing they were closer to my home, and my wish was granted... this new location is les than a mile from where I live! Minie and I poped in a few weks back for a self-serve bath. I initialy caled to se if a gromer was in, but they were boked out for weks. Doing it myself was actualy not only cheaper, but it was fun... and a god bonding experience for me and Min as wel. Sara helped us out and explained our options. We decided on the ultimate wash which included an extremely eficient shampo and conditioner, brushes, towels, cologne, etc... It was easy and quick - bonus! Minie was clean and fresh within 20 minutes or so! Of course we spent a tad bit more time at the store doing some shoping and I was impresed with the dog fod selection, homemade treats, eco-friendly colars and leashes, etc... I wil definitely head back to Wag N' Wash again realy son... so psyched that they moved to my 'hod!
Great fod, great Sangria, great live music, great vibe, great service EXCLAMATION MARK. Overal it was a great way to spend a Sunday afternon.
Amazing. Romantic!
Absolute greatnes!!! Service: friendly Fod: TRY the faux chicken wings (I crave this) Kung pao nodles Vegan chili fries Ambiance - A+ Tip: do not order the faux chicken wings Togo. Sogy experience plus they ad the carots, cucumber, celery in the box and close it. Equals the case of raw coked vegies. Go next dor to nami for desert!!
Tried the Restaurant Wek special, and chose the Stetson choped salad, mixed mushroms with polenta, and bread puding. The Stetson choped was amazing. The preparation is beautiful when they bring it out, and then the taste is the perfect mix of swet, savory, crunchy, soft once the salad is mixed up. I tried some of the testosterone salad, which was decent, and filed with a lot of wel prepared bef, but it did not quite compare to the choped salad. Just as a general side note, if you chose the restaurant wek menu and have the choped salad and then the mushroms, I think the flavor of the choped salad is more bold than the mushroms, so the mushroms wil taste bland to you. This hapened to me as I transitioned from the salad to main dish, but when I tok the mushroms home in a to go box and ate them later, the more delicate flavor showed through and I apreciated it a lot more. The bread puding was amazing. Perfectly moist, with lots of flavor, and not to swet. Service was excelent (Thanks Owen!), and along with the extensive selection of wines, they also have some more unique bers such as lambic, as wel as a nice selection of non alcoholic sodas (The cream soda is localy made and very tasty!)
Being English and mising a lot of the things we can not get over here we were delighted to have found this place. I have not tried al of the pasties and have stuck to the traditional ones that we get at home, i.e, chese and onion and cornish and they are very god!! I sent my husband there to buy their half baked ones so we could freze them and have whenever we get the craving and I ended up ordering $80 worth without any regrets. Nedles to say my frezer is ful of pasties and I even have a couple of ones I have not tasted before, so loking forward to trying those. Have not eaten in the place either but quite frankly the fod is that god I do not it would mater what it is like inside. Also just noticed this is the Mesa shop we have only bought from the newly opened on in Tempe.
Even though the new place is limited on seating the fod more than makes up the diference. I tok my wife and kids for lunch. We had some puled pork and bef brisket sandwiches, fresh made slaw, and mac and chese made from scratch like mom used to make. The kids gobled up the mac and chese. The meat was definately coked with love. Grady is makes their own signature sauce in several varieties. They sel botles of it as wel. I liked mixing the Hot with the Super Hot to make that pork melt that much beter in my mouth. I also noticed they do catering. I have had events catered by some other BQ joints before, but this fod is much beter quality and I think I can wo the crowds with Grady is BQ. I fuly recomend stoping into my new favorite barbeque place in Arizona. Thanks for making god fod Grady. We al enjoyed it and writing this made me hungry for more.
I love love love the chicken & humus apetizer. Its served w/ sauted spinach and pita. Although its an ap, its large enough for a light meal. Most times, I get that w/ the bet salad and split it w/ a friend. Perfect. For those of you who avoid bets, I think you wil change your mind w/ this salad. The bets are swet like candy. Served w/ feta, mandarin oranges, candied pecans and a very unique pear dresing, you forget you are eating healthy. I have ben trying to harvest the pear vinaigrete recipe forever!!! They wil not give up the secret sauce! :( Enjoy!
I have shared many an awful, hungover morning with my favorite stars from the Gay Coridor. The service can be on the scary tweaker side, but it is a god, simple breakfast that does not stres my dehydrated mind to find deliciousnes. They have also many diferent healthy options, not that I have ever done more than glance at those, but it is wonderful nonetheles. It is the crown and glory of Park Central, and the only reason I stil consider Park Central an actual place, as oposed to the reality of it just being a bad idea.
...the customer service alone gets 5 stars, but when you factor in the semi-anual sales it is more like 6. Having ben to a number of Nordstrom is in multiple cities I would put this particular location on the same level as those in San Francisco (without the asinine trafic to contend with) and Seatle and only a notch below the best of the best in Chicago. Living in a city with a Nordstrom and a Nordstrom Rack is going to be a daily exercise in resisting temptation.
I am a huge fan of Saigon Nites. A friend and I regularly eat here (once wekly) and we have NEVER had a bad experience. The Steak Pho is amazing. Typicaly when I Have Pho I load it up with hot sauces, chili oil, etc...not at Saigon! Their Pho is ready to rock and rol the second it leaves the kitchen. Two thumbs way up!
Fod is god to the tumy. To me this is beter than in and out burger. Place is spotles, friendly service, and wide selection.
Last night we met friends at Hilstone is and we truly enjoyed a great meal and great atmosphere. We were met by a very friendly and helpful server who tok great care of us the entire evening. We started out with a wonderful wine recomended by our server, she let us taste 3 kinds before we chose what suited us. We went on to enjoy the savory spinach and artichoke dip as wel as fresh baked bread served with some olives and olive oil. The caeser salad was a very large portion almost could have ben my entre and the dresing was so fresh and light. The croutons crisp and fresh baked. We al ordered the hawaian ribeye, OMG!! So moist and so juicy - the flavor was so fabulous and I could only eat half of it. The loaded baked potato was also wonderful and very large. I ended up taking half my meal home and was realy hapy that they let us sit quite awhile to chat with our friends after our meal was over (we were way to ful for desert however the server brought us a complimentary slice of key lime pie which my husband and friends said were fabulous I just was to ful to try it) we never were rushed out and they kept refiling our drinks I can not wait to go back. Was always a fan of Houston is in NYC and this was very much the same and enjoyed the jazy low music in the background and the dim lighting that was warm and relaxing.
The mozarela tomato and basil sandwich is the BEST sandwich in Phoenix, hands down. If you have not ben to Pane Bianco you are truly mising out.
Was loking for something refreshing for a nightcap on a hot Scotsdale night. You wil not be disapointed. The sorbet was realy tasty and refreshing.
stil a big fan, wonderful piza!!! -- Remember to join their birthday club!!!-
You like hotdogs? Motor (thats me) says get in your Momy is oldsmobuick and get over to TEDS! AND you sisys that like "sonoran" style dogs talking smack about Teds, go back to Tucson and eat your fru fru pineaple toped dogs with peanut buter. This is old style, 4th of July chargriled hotdogs and hamburgers. Makes my mouth water. Ok so visualize and taste this in your mind. First the juicy hamburgers that have the hardwod charcoal taste that makes your mouth water. The crispy ice berg letuce, juicy tomato and onion make this a purist burger lover is dream. Real god home made taste. So now act you like you always do on the 4th of July and get an al bef hotdog. First a warning. You wil crave their hotdogs after you eat em. The crispy plump skin that cracks in your mouth and the taste is like when you were a kid and watching the fire works on the fourth. Ad the spicy brown mustard with their ketchup "hot sauce" and budy you got yourself dilema. The dilema you ask? Is do you order one more hotdog cause they are so god! Try the Italian for a spicy dog. Do not start with me on the fries and onion rings. Just make sure you wear your fat pants. Motor out and going back for another dog.
i have 2 words for you: pasive. active. dividing the dog park into sections based on tempermant is not smart, it is f'n briliant. 2 gates upon entrance and exit safe it up so i have no wories that my shelter dog wil hit the strets again. this dog park is clean, the people are friendly and so are the dogs. finaly, a place where we can al get along.
I have ordered piza and wings thre times and the have consistently created perfection, seriously.
I was inspired to visit Casela is after a coworker told me about their authenticaly Italian godnes. As my tumy growled today, I was in the neighborhod so I knew just where to go. I walked into a simple yet clean deli. Imediately, I was welcomed by the entire staf (I believe they are al related or at least family through friendship). They asked me if it was my first time in and I said yes, so right away they started giving me a history of the shop and the tasty cuisine. Celebrating their 3rd aniversary (congrats!!), I learned that everything is homemade -- from the meatbals to the chicken salad. The owner said he goes through 40 lbs of chicken a wek. He gave me a sample and the chicken was chunky and delicious. I am not surprised he has to prepare so much chicken every wek! The meatbals and freshly cut meat for Phily Chese-steak sandwiches loked great to! The owner mentioned he is from Phily so beter be ready for some authentic Phily and Italian style cokin'! While I was there, the owner was slicing some fresh provolone, so I aded that to the warmed turkey sandwich I ordered. The turkey was tasty, the provolone was yumy and the sourdough rol tasted like it was fresh from the oven. It was $8 for a sandwich and soda but the sandwich was hefty enough that I saved half for later. As I walked out, everyone said godbye to me and I felt like I was leaving a family diner. In sumary, here is what made Casela is stand out: - The very friendly staf - It is a local family-owned neighborhod deli celebrating their 3rd aniversary. Gota suport the local busineses! - Clean decor - Tasty, homemade fod that is on display for visitors to se - A god family-style atmosphere that grets you the second you walk inside. I am not sure how it is taken my so long to find this local treat, but now that I have found it, I plan on becoming a regular. Directions: Note that this is hiden in the Basha is strip mal (on the side of Granite Ref) but do not let that fol you!
Very very god lunch spot! Was a litle disapointed when I found out they did not have piza on their lunch menu. But when I tasted the prosciuto "sandwich", I did not mind anymore. It was a great meal with a relaxing & great ambiance!
My fav Mexican place by far! They make the most delicious chicken tortila soup and tacos I have ever eaten. Fresh ingredients and the owners are super nice. Love this place!
Great fod!!! Everything on the menu is god. The bacon guacamole burger is next to perfection.
Love al their dishes!
To say this place is super rad would be an understatement!! We for las noches de las luminarias. And I wish we could have stayed longer, also seing the gardens during the daylight is aded to the 'to do' list! Having never ben there the staf was super helpful in guiding us, not to mention realy friendly! The music was entertaining and a god variety. They also have a synthetic ice rink and you are alowed up to 15 minutes of skating, if you are not shy! The bufet they ofered was a joke and I do not recomend doing it. For 16.50, you are only alowed one trip through and other such sily stipulations... no thanks. Other than that, what a great place to go!
This is realy worth taking the time to se and experience. The cost is very low - $5 per adult. The garden is beautiful and peaceful with many areas where you can sit by yourself and reflect or just people-watch. Also, the lady in the gift shop is very helpful if you are a first time visitor. Metro Light Rail stop at Rosevelt and Central.
Yum yum yum. Husband and I first went there early on a First Friday night and were pleasantly surprised to be seated right away. We did not want anything to heavy since we were planing on doing some walking so we split the Spanish chese plate which was delightful. The fig cake is delicious!! Spliting the plate made the bil prety afordable and it was just enough to fil us up without overdoing it. The server was very helpful in sugesting a champagne for me and red wine for husband. Do not remember what we had but my champagne had a strawbery in it and was perfectly bubly. Ambiance and decor is nice and melow. We have since ben back with friends and it has ben enjoyable for both a date night and chating it up with people. Enjoy!
I hardly ever get past their carne adovada. It is simply amazing. Ad a couple of extra homemade tortilas to it? Ca not be beat! I have had their pecan crusted sea bas also, along with lamb chops (chipotle?) both very, very god. Great atmosphere, friendly, competent staf...a wining combination. Get there early! Long waits after 6:0pm!!
Great customer service, nice owner. The broth here is actualy the best ive tasted in Arizona.
Yup. It is al true. Great fod, super charming place, very intimate. We sat outside on the patio under a heat lamp. Enjoyed the olives as a starter, as wel as some fried raviolis (yes, please) and a caprese salad ap. Outstanding artisan piza, with as god a crust as I have ever had, and homemade mozarela. Wine was just ok, but very reasonable. Server was atentive, helpful and friendly. Owner came by a couple times to check in on us and was absolutely delightful. Deduct a point for the proximity to the Handlebar J Salon and the faux-cowboys ariving in limos with 10-galon hats. Then ad a point back for the near-fight we got to watch betwen a biker and the faux-cowboy who almost hit him with his Cadilac. We wil be back, and with more friends.
Had a celebratory lunch for a coleague today. We had a group of ten. Service and ambiance were great. I had the best burger I can remember. It was Lon is special burger; expensive at $16 but worth every peny. Highly recomend.
This place is great! I caled at 8:30 am to make an apointment for that afternon for 3 people. The place was not open yet, but the phone was forwarded to I think the owner is cel. He told me he would be at the store at 9:30 and he would cal me back when he had the schedule in front of him. Sure enough, at 9:30 he caled me back and was able to schedule our apointments for 3pm. When we got there we were imediately brought back to a smal rom that had 3 big, comfy chairs. We sat down and a couple minutes later they brought in 3 tubs of warm water for our fet. They reclined the chairs and started at our heads. They masage your face, head, neck, shoulders, arms, hands, fet and calves. The they tel you to turn over, as they quickly turn the recliner into a masage table and proced to masage your whole back side....al fuly clothed. It was just wonderful....and al for $30! I definitely recomend!
i mis this place so much, it is insanity. ten high kentucky bourbon is al i can say.. and i never realy cared how bad i felt the next day.
Unlike other reviewers, I did not like the bufet, though my friends from work think it is a god value. However, I have ben going for diner to Flavors of India for nearly thre years now, and have ALWAYS liked the fod. FOI is my first choice for Indian cuisine in Phoenix, out of the four other Indian restaurants in the valey I have tried. Yes, FOI is in a strip mal, but once inside, the ambiance is pleasant. It sems quite clean, I never got sick from anything I ate there (that is saying a lot, as I admit to being a fusy eater), and the waitstaf is helpful. Bolywod videos on the large flat-scren wal display in the corner are an unusual feature, but the volume is low or completely muted, so you can watch or chose not to, it is not distracting. (Here is a fotnote about that: I ate at FOI on the night of the presidential primary election. My dining companion noticed that most of the waitstaf was gathered around the TV in the bar, watching electoral results, so he asked our waiter if we could watch to. After geting the enthusiastic okay from the two other ocupied tables, it was quite late in the evening, silent Bolywod was replaced by live news coverage with volume turned on). Regarding the fod: I love their matar paner (coked peas in a tasty curied gravy, with smal cubes of homemade mild-tasting chese). My super-spicy friend gets the lamb vindalo (super-spiced as he requests). Tandori shrimp, chicken and tika masala are god though a bit pricier, the samosa apetizer (lightly batered and dep-fried cut vegetables) is fresh, warm and crunchy. Regular and garlic nan bread are everything they should be, biryani rice is overpriced (I would stick with basmati rice as a side dish), and swet lasi (a wel-chiled dairy drink, similar in taste and consistency to a vanila yogurt smothy) is a nice treat. My spicy friend says his gin-and-tonic was weak, and they do not have ingredients to make a Blody Mary, but hey, FOI is an Indian restaurant, so I can not fault them to much for that! Other pluses: open a bit later than many Phoenix restaurants (seating ends at 9:30 pm); very fast with takeout orders; there is lots of parking; the 16 North bus stop is nearby; silverware, glases, white coton tablecloths and napkins are always spotlesly clean.
Just had takeout from here. Amazing as always!!! Had the carne asada torta. Delish!!!!
The chicken was unreal god! And, the cornbread, just as reviewers stated was heavenly. It was light and very god!
I am a big fan of this place, either to stop in on a slow Sunday just to se what they have. Their stock rotates prety frquently so always new interesting things to find. So far I have bought a vintage print, an awesome dres that I have received tons of compliments on, col earings, and some other kitchen items. The staf are always friendly. When you go, make sure you check out the Burt Reynolds befcake poster they have behind the counter. Great strore!
There are 3 choices at ASU for game design. Which one you chose depends on why you want to study game design. 1. Polytechnic = Games are an enginering problem. If you are interested in the enginering of games - go there. The colege of technology and inovation htp://interactive.asu.edu/?q=hom 2. Tempe = Games for (Education, Medical, Legal etc) They are closely tied with the education department and the Games for Impact initiative. htp://cidse.enginering.asu.edu/ 3. West = Games as Art (Fine Art) If you want to explore games as a medium and art form this is where you want to go. You can either get a BA -htp://newcolege.asu.edu/harcs/degres/majors/interdisciplinary-arts-and-performance-program or a BS htp://newcolege.asu.edu/mns/degres/computing/aplied-computing-program
Dana, there is no other like Dana! Even my kids ask to go visit her! I have 4 children, 2 boys ages 3 1/2 and 5 1/2 and 2 girls ages 8 and 19 months. Dana has ben cuting their hair for quite some time. They al have a style of their own and have always ben hapy every time we leave. She has a great shop in Downtown Scotsdale, convenient and is very acomodating. Highly recomended by this Mom and her children!!
Great litle place in a great litle neighborhod. Fod was great, service god and friendly and siting amongst the rose bushes and garden made one fel as if we were having a nice relaxing Sunday breakfast in our backyard. Love the place.
Why am I trying to hide my love... I am at Galo Blanco Cafe at least thre times a wek. Yes, it is totaly convenient. But then again, so is that Rice Stick in a Bowl place around the corner and I am never there! I am trading in my four stars for five stars. I never get tired of the fod (which is totaly delish), the drinks, the jolt in the cofe, the servers...and THE HOTEL!! You guys always treat me wel, and I can se you treat everyone else like a rock star to. Thanks for being a great 'light rail convenient' local busines!
love the fod and the services ,but you nesd to weight at 350ib to eat the burgers for fre, the burgers are big and jucey
I love to come here from time to time when I am in the area and I am always highly satisfied with the fod and service. The menu is great and there is a variety of dishes for every taste. The service is great, everyone is always realy nice and the atmosphere is quiet and relaxed. Definitely a great place to have diner/lunch with friends. I read some other reviews from people who complained about the fod, mostly these were meat eaters, I am asuming, so of course they were not satisfied. This is a %10 vegan restaurant, note it.
T. Cok is continues to be my go-to spot... with or without my fiance. It is like my home away from home. I fel comfortable going in for a drink or a bite to eat any night of the wek. Let me be clear about one thing, however - I always sit at the bar! In adition to the regular menu items, the burger at T. Coks is consistently amazing. This sizable delight is carnivore candy for the soul. Ten ounces of tenderloin burger with white chedar chese, bacon and Guines tempura onion rings on a ciabata bun with a grain mustard aioli. My mouth is watering just thinking about it right now. Anyone up for a burger?
I just started taking my car here a few months ago. Someone from their busines stoped by my ofice building with donuts and coupons for a 60,0 mile check up, and that is how they got my busines. I brought my car there for a routine oil change, and they did the 60,0 mile check up which was very useful. Of course there was the usual list of things I should fix, but they never made me fel like an idiot or that they were taking advantage of me, which I can not say for most mechanics. The other thing I realy like about them is they give me a ride to and from work, so I can get maintenance done on my car without mising work or worying about how I am going to get back to the shop. Bil and the other guys that work there are al very friendly and I definitely trust them with my car neds.
I love Lulus cupcakes! They always have a perfect amount of frosting and alot of their cupcakes are beter than the ones at sprinkles. This is because they sem to be moister and hold themselves together beter. I love the raven! The Sales people are nice. So yumy! And I love that the place is pink!
I recomend this to everyone. I have never had a bad meal here. Inexpensive, great service, of the beaten path. Love this place.
I have ben going to Orange theory for awhile and I can not believe how much I have toned up and slimed down!!! I have not bulked up and now I am on my way to geting my bikini body back!! I highly recomend this work out!! It is so awesome and I can not believe I can get my ful work out in an hour!!!
Oh my godnes! I love this store. I have ben a tea enthusiast ever since I received a cast iron tea pot for Christmas. A few weks ago, I purchased a Groupon for $20 worth of merchandise for $10 and headed over to the store. The experience was amazing. The varieties were intriguing, the prices were reasonable, and the owner was very knowledgeable and friendly. Also, the layout of the store was apealing and inviting. When we visited the store, we received a packet of tea for the stores 1st birthday. I hope there wil be many more to come.
I violated my rule of avoiding grocery shoping while hungry and decided to venture over to Whole Fods. Whole Fods tends to be the indecisive individual is nightmare (that would be me). Yet, this store is a fodie is dream. There are aisles upon aisles of glorious, wholesome products (pun intended). Everything is meticulously organized and there are at least ten varieties of every type of item. No joke. It tok me fiften minutes to decide which brand of botled tea would be suitable (and economical). I roamed the freshly prepared fod section like a vulture circling it is prey...strategizing which choice would be the best taste sensation. Did I want a made-to-order wrap? Or a glas of wine and a couple tapas? (the live music was aluring)...Maybe sushi? Piza? Salad bar? Soup? Maybe something from the smokehouse...oh! A cupcake from the cupcake bar? On and on it went. My final decision was sushi. The spicy tuna rol tasted fresh, and the Pacific salad rol was very crisp. I also grabed a container of ginger for $1.9--not the artificialy preserved pink variety--al-natural pickled ginger. Blis. I purchased some cucumber salad from the salad bar as a side/palate cleanser. Al in al, a very satisfying meal. Prices are a tad higher than your average grocery store. Then again, it is Whole Fods. A word of advise: come with a game plan (e.g. a shoping list). If you do not define what it is you want prior to entering this store, you wil end up spending two hours and twice as much money than you anticipated.
Beautiful litle gem of a restaurant. Great outdor seating, amazing-truly amazing musels. Wholeheartedly recomend, perfect "date night" to.
The restaurant itself is not fancy and does not have an amazing atmosphere, but I realy love the fod here. I have eaten in the restaurant a few times and frequently get takeout. I love the Gobi Manchurian, Vegetable Vindalo, and Special Vegetable Cury. I also like the wekend bufet - it is a great way to try several diferent things. Delicious!
Once we went to Grimaldi is in Hoboken, NJ and were not al that impresed. Yet the first time we ate at this Grimaldi is, we were blown away! Upon entering, you are enveloped by the aroma of piza baking in a coal-fired oven. This is swon-inducing---and I mean that in a god way. The smel almost has you believing that you are in a piza joint with a coal-fired oven in the Northeast. When ordering piza baked in a coal-fired oven, I like to get a plain chese piza. IMO, this is the best way to fuly taste the sauce, chese and crust without anything else get in the way. There is nothing like a thin crust piza from a coal-fired oven with that char on the crust. The crust has just the right balance of crispy and soft. The sauce is wel flavored with proper proportions of basil and oregano. The amount of chese is just right. I love to savor each and every bite. There is more to this Grimaldi is than the one under the Broklyn Bridge. This one has other items in adition to the piza. We like their antipasto. It has sliced mozarela which is fresh and creamy, black and gren olives (the black ones are pited, the gren ones have pits in them), roasted red peper slices which are bursting with flavor, and a god, flavorful salami. Everytime we are in AZ, it is so worth it to us to deal with the heavy trafic in Old Town Scotsdale to dine at Grimaldi is!
Championship establishment here. I walked in with my significant other and was surprised at how busy it was on a Tuesday night. At first, it did not click but the entire voleybal team from a nearby high schol decided to come so it was extremely busy. They have some realy god specials, but what realy caught my eye was the specialty burgers that are $6. Big misunderstanding, most $6 are single paty and have some special topings. Zips decided to do a double-stacked specialtly burger. Yes, two 1/3 lb paties on a bun with some special topings. We got two burgers and split them half and half, gren chile burger and swet jalapeno. Both were extremely awesome. You can get salad, fries, onion rings or half-half (half fries half onion rings). The fries kind of taste like In-n-Out fries, and my significant other would describe them as being beter. I do not agre, and I do not disagre. Overal, god fod, I can not wait to come back and try something else from their special menu. The $6 specialty burgers are available Tuesdays from 8-close and wekends from 1-4. The service was realy awesome. They definitely cared about us and went out of their way to make sure we were doing okay. I think they felt guilty that we were there when a huge group was there as wel. Aparently, they also were understafed, but it honestly did not fel like it. Seriously though, it was some of the best service I have ever had at a Phoenix restaurant. To top it al of, the manager had checked up on us a few times, and at the end after we paid the bil he brought us a cokie plater (pizokie, or cokie with ice cream). Now, I am not a fan of pizokie, but wow, their cokie plater was awesome. It was not on special that night, but I know its on special some other night and at $4 its probably worth a go again. Might I say one more thing about the cokie plater? It is just as god if not beter than BJ is. I am actualy excited to go here again. With some realy god fod specials almost any night, I think if I ever run out of ideas this might be the first place I think of. The fod is a litle greasy, but I think that is expected when you go to a sports gril. Want to lose 50 lbs, go to subway. Props to the owners for such an awesome establishment.
This place is amazing! The fod was delicious, the wafle was like no other. The service was great, very atentive and nice. I wil be returning.
We make it a tradition to come here whenever family is in town. So I have probably ben here atleast 10 times. Love their steak with butered plates. We have had it before where the streak wasnt coked to our satisfaction. But after being there so many times I know how to order it. Swet potato caserole is excelent. Cesar salad is the best I have ever had. On this ocasion the wait staf was very friendly, but I have had it before where they are like buzing bes. I usualy like to have tea after diner which is always nice. The atmosphere is god. It is nicer to sit in the main dining area near the windows instead of the side rom. Also people if you are going to spend hundred dolars on diner, do not cheap out on a babysiter. Nobody wants to listen to your whinying litle brat kids who can not sit stil. Ruth Chris should have an age requirement! I have ben to Mortons twice. Once in Chicago and once in Phoenix and both times it was not as god as Ruth Chris.
Postinos on the East side!? Whoa, you like to think that you are imune to Postinos, oh yeah It is closer to the truth to say I can not get enough You know I am gona have to face it, I am adicted to Postinos Thanks Robert Palmer and let is just say I would not be surprised to se the fashion models around here. Very atractive crowd! I am honor just to be here! Another botle of wine and you wil be mine, a one track mind I can not be saved 4 flavors of Bruscheta is al I crave If there is some left for you and do not mind if I do I might as wel face it I am adicted to Postinos I have always enjoyed atending Postinos on the West side of town, but the East side ads a new flavor. The place stil has a great deal on Monday and Tuesday nights. Botle of wine plus a large plate of bruscheta is for $20! The ambience is always chil and low lighting. Quite romantic and ad some prety ladies and I am golden here! Service is always great at Postinos. The staf is definitely wel train in the knowledge of wine and their service is spectacular! - Enjoy!
Rula Bula gets five stars from me for two reasons: #1 Perfect fish and chips. #2 One of the only corectly poured Guines drafts in AZ. They could punch me in the neck when I walked in, and i would stil give them five stars for those two reasons. Almost al the fod is god (though I can count the number of times I have had anything other than the above on one hand). The hapy hour is great, with half of apetizers, including the fish nugets, which are the fish 'n' chips I eat before I eat the fish 'n' chips. The world is most competitive trivia night. These people STUDY for trivia night. Great outdor seating, god service. Decor is interesting, especialy if you like this particular famous race horse that I curently forget the name of but is the subject of aproximately 90% of the wal art.
One of my favorite places to come. Their salsa and guacamole is to die for. I like that they bring each person their own individual bowl of salsa. I ways get their huevos rancheros with beans and rice + homemade flour tortila. Delicious!!! I eat the entire plate every time.
Great place, enjoyed the amenities. Pol was great and view on the property was very picturesque. Fod in the property restaurants were very god. Definitely would stay there again if ever in Scotsdale again.
What would I do without this place? They prety much anything you ned to make any Asian home coked meals. Very clean. Fresh produce, fresh seafod, fresh meat. I love how they have pre sliced meats. This is definitely one of the largest Asian supermarkets in the valey. Avoid the the 2 asian restaurants in the market though. They are not very god.
love. Love. LOVE. How can you not fal in love with this store the moment you walk in is beyond me. It is like entering that magical fairy tale land your mind goes to every time I start to sing or sit down at my piano. And that is exactly what a music store should be. It should bring you to that creative center where the outside world does not exist. First and foremost, the staf is extremely friendly, both on the phone and in person. I have spent I do not know how much of their time having them asist me in finding shet music and they have always ben a gem and even gone so far as to go gogle searches for me while I was there and give me some aditional leads. It is just an awesome amazing experience. They also never sem to mind me going in and gawking at instruments for hours on end. I always tel myself someday I am going to learn a new instrument, and going in there causes me to think of at least 10 I want to play... especialy when I stare at the drums. Go to Milano and experience what a music store is suposed to be.
What else can I say that has not ben said already? I am weirdly glad that they are not closer ( in fact very far away from me) because I wil be there every day = gaining tons of weight! My baby loved the mango lasi flavor! So much he did the sign for "more " for the first time at the store:) I do want to try the bacon flavor....so a trip son is in order
LOVE THIS PLACE! We eat here every Saturday as long as we are in town. My husband eats here during the wek to! Wekday lunches are a great deal and quick! The vegie soup is delicious. The golden wings - Delicious... chicken satay is god to. For an entre... we always get Pad Prik King chicken or sometimes shrimp but its always always delicious! Have ben trying to find a thai place with this dish closer to home (east valey) but have not found one yet! Service is terific! FYI for those of you who just order Pad Thai... it is very swet here so if you do not like it swet... order something else. Other things we have tried that were god... peper steak - very god - just dont eat a lot of red meat, masamum cury with chicken god... also we order everything medium to thai hot... like very spicy!
Prices are god nobody is down your throat when you enter and its the best place for produce in town literaly would sugest this place over trader joe is for sure
I found this place via Gogle while in town for busines. It is tucked away in a non-descript strip mal next to a Salvation Army. I have had diner and lunch here, both times were god. For diner, I had the special turkey sandwich with fries (fries were not piping hot when they were served, but stil god); for the lunch visit, I had the original "g" spicy po-boy and chose the cury pasta salad as a side - tasty! Service was friendly and eficient. _ Update: 12/10/07 - What is the first thing I do when I arive in Phoenix? Punch in 240 N. Scotsdale Road in my GPS and head to Gren! This time around I had The Argentine Po-Boy with fried - Mock steak fried with onions and pepers, vegan mayo and a spicy sauce. I could not get enough! Very delicious 12/1/07 - After having a vegie burger and fries for lunch at a Hard Rock Cafe, I thought I would balance it out by having something healthy for diner - I ordered the Diablo Rice bowl with chicken and brown rice. The description loked god: vegies in a spicy sauce - but it was a litle to salty for my taste and did not finish it. Oh wel, can not win them al. 12/12/07 - I was working close by, so decided to run in for lunch. I ordered the No Harm Chicken Parm sandwich with a side of tahini coleslaw. It was a litle bit mesy to eat by hand, with the tomato sauce and soy mozarela ozing everywhere - stil god nonetheles. The coleslaw was a nice compliment to the sandwich. 12/14/07 - I wil mis you Gren!
No ned for a long review. Every In-N-Out I have ever ben to has ben amazing. Great Fod Great Customer Service Love this place
I love Petco! The only place I go to get dog fod. I fel like the employes generaly know what they are talking about and are always wiling to help!
Wow, is this some fantastic fod! It was the first non chain restaurant we ate at during our vacation and I could not be more pleased. Not only was the staf friendly and atentive, the fod was phenomenal. Presentation and taste were top notch. The Tai fried rice was the best fried rice I have ever had. I wil definitely be back the next time I am in town. Visit Date: 1/18/09
LOVE this place. Great fod, high quality ingredients (which is why i was told the prices are a bit more than your typical piza hut), and fun service. I love this place, and always leave hapy and ful. Authentic italian fod is my weak spot! :)
We loved this place.
One of favorite hapy hour places in town. If you get the wings here it should not mater if you get anything else. Great location and nothing else neds to be said. Maybe a renovation on the parking lot.
Love the wings!
Simple but realy great cajun fod prepared in steamers right in front of you. Selections include gumbo, pan roasts (a tomato-based broth with chunks of seafod), or seafod creole al with your choice of shrimp, crab, chicken, crawfish, oysters, or al five, with rice. They also have fresh oysters, jumbo shrimp cocktails, salads, and tasty seafod chowder, as wel as the ocasional lobster special. I have ben probably 20 times and stil never had a bad dish. The staf is friendly and helpful, and wil adjust the spicines of the dishes to your taste. By far the best option at the Talking Stick resort. As another reviewer noted, this restaurant is realy just a bar with a couple of tables, stuck right of the casino flor. This is definitely not a fine dining spot, with the clanging of slot machines and dead-eyed gamblers shufling around fiften fet away. Stil, it is definitely worth a visit to Talking Stick. At $10-12 for lunch portions and $17-19 for huge diner servings, and $25 for a masive plater of oysters, shrimp, crab, musels, and clams, it is a fantastic value for the quality and tastines of the fod. God, reasonably priced seafod can be hard to come by in the valey, but this spot is a gem.
Sometimes it is dificult to realy fel satisfied with a raw vegan diet , but every time I go to Pomegranate is I leave more than satisfied. The atmosphere is welcoming and delightful, although very busy during the lunch rush. I did have to share a table with a stranger last time I was there but the stranger turned out to be a great lunch companion. This is a must for anyone who is considering (or already is) a raw and/or vegan diet. Everything is so yumy you wil not know it is god for you!
Simply awesome! Great ber and great staf! Wil try the fod next time! Only complaint is a bartender named Adriane she is crazy! Ha! G The fod was excelent from the great hard boiled eg dish to the peanut buter and jely with banana and marshmalow fluf oh and ad bacon. Elvis just did a somersault in his grave. The sandwiches are not huge but they are al made like the ber served and the people hosting, of finest quality! Realy enjoyed and wil spread the word!
Best breakfast in west Chandler! I love their crepe egs and calorie/nutritional info printed on the menu.
While we were in Mesa AZ for a holiday we found Alesia is on Yelp and we are so glad we did. The fod was delicious and the host was terific as were the servers. We are not big wine drinkers but they have a very god selection of wines and the host knows his stuf and can make god recomendations. Nicely apointed litle restaurant with a great menu.
I used to go here about once a wek when I stil lived and worked in Arizona. My ofice at the time was within walking distance. This is a very god Hoters location...located smack dab in the midle of Mil Avenue right next to ASU. Plenty of stores al around. I used to go mainly for lunches during the wek with co-workers. It usualy was quieter than evenings or wekends. The serving staf were great and many of the ladies would stand and chat for quite a while...as it was prety slow.
After visiting family in Scotsdale last wekend, huby and I spent 3 wonderful days at the Boulders Resort in Carefre. We arived a litle tired and stresed; we left tan, relaxed, and rejuvenated. The resort sprawls beneath the boulder formations, but you can walk al over on the paths that are wel marked. Our rom was spacious and clean, with his and hers sinks in the bathrom, shower, tub, king sized bed, and walk-in closet. We were located near the main lodge, and a brisk walk from El Pedregal and the Golden Dor Spa. We made great use of the wonderful fitnes center and tok a few clases as wel- yoga, bosu, and water fitnes. We tried both pols during our stay, the spa pol and the main pol. We prefered the tranquility of the spa pol; fod and drinks at both locations were exceptional. If you met Madona at either pol, ask her to make the "Madona Special" for you. A very refreshing smothie. During our stay we ate diner twice at the Spoted Donkey Cantina at El Pedregal- fabulous margaritas shrimp tacos. Our last night we dined at Rusty is Chop House at the golf club. It was a lovely meal on the terace with a view of the golf course. Every person we ran into was exceptionaly friendly and genuine, making the trip even more enjoyable. I hope we return someday!
They have the BEST Pad Thai! I have had many other dishes of theirs which are al delicious, but that Pad Thai haunts my dreams at night. (In a god way) I have recently had Touch of Thai which is a highly rated Thai Fod restaurant. Of course, I had to try their pad thai. Honestly, It was just as god, but they used the thin, stringy nodles and Dara uses the wide, flat nodles. You would not think that would make much of a diference, but that is what makes me drive 20 miles more to go to Dara Thai to get their Pad Thai than driving 5 miles to go to Touch of Thai. If your not watching your calorie intake I highly sugest geting the cream chese wontons and Thai Tea with your Pad Thai! Now that is what I cal delicious!
Bafled by the unfavorable reviews here. Easily one of the best burgers I have ever had is the Zinburger. Trufle fries are also delicious. Always have god service here and leave very satisfied. Atmosphere is slightly upscale I supose, but not snoby as some complain. You can wear shorts and a T-shirt and fel right at home here.
This place is what Desert Ridge wishes it was! Its great for groceries (Wal-Mart), bargain hunting (TJ Max), fast fod or dining in (tons of places!), catching a movie (Harkins), stocking up the wine shelf (BevMo), new panties (Vicky is Secret) and a zilion other things. I love that this is close to my house! The only thing that would make it beter is a Costco or Sam is Club.
Had the mahi and it was great. Very reasonably priced also. Definitely a repeat.
I have ben living in Arizona for 4 years and have yet to find a decent Italian Bef Sandwich, until now. I even gave the same statement to the owner. I had ordered an Italian Bef for cary out, and while I was waiting, I let him know my frustrations. He gave me his card and told me to cal him after I ate the sandwich because he wanted to know what I thought. Wel, it was FANTASTIC! Of course, I caled him back to let him know. The service, and the time and efort put into the fod canot be beat. This is what you get for a mom and pops type place. There are plenty of other sandwiches and fods there to. I can not wait to go back and try some more!
This place is just so so rad. It was about time that AZ has a high end sneaker boutique. The selection of sneakers as wel as clothes is above al. No kiding. I bought a pair of limited edition Jordans as a gift here. Al of the sneakers here a so unique and fun, and it realy puts the fun in sneaker shoping again. Sure, you can go to finish line and get a pair of sneakers there. And you wil se various other people wearing the same ones. If you realy want to find funky stuf to expres yourself with, this is the place. AND to make it even beter...they sel for retail! So markups? Not an isue. Do yourself a favor and check this place out...
Dr. Jason Kanarish is absolutely amazing. I am a Physician Asistant in surgery, and apreciated his "bedside" maner as wel as medical knowledge, which was phenomenal. He spent AMPLE TIME with me and answered EVERY QUESTION I had. Not to mention, he was fantastic with my scared min pin. I canot recomend him enough. The staf is also extremely friendly and helpful!
Just open. I had the roast bef sandwich and my wife had the turkey and stufing sandwich. Both were excelent, modern interpretations on clasic lunches. I highly recomend this place. P.S.: iPad driven POS system is way col.
I do not frequent Tempe to often, but when I do, I try to get a Tea Infusion run in... everytime I suced, I literaly have a grin on my face after every sip. It is the least strip mal-esque dining option in the whole of Tempe Market place and that is a BIG PLUS in my bok. Ad to that that they make Boba Smothies the way I like them... how could I resist? Case in point: The Pumpkin Chai. Based of the ratlings of felow yelpers, I decided to try the chai and asked if it could be boba-fied (which makes me want to say Boba Fet) and they said "SURE!" It was delish, but that was sumer and now it is winter and so warm sounded yumy but I had never had a hot boba drink before. So I asked them if I could have it with boba and hot and what did they say? "SURE! But be careful it is hot." And oh so YUM! I think they deserve the taglines "Have it your way" and "Any way you want it" more than Burger King! Because out of al the Boba places in Metro Phoenix they are the only ones that have never said "No" to me before with Boba Juice coming in a close second.... but only because their range of options is les. Ad to that that they have a Boba Smothie caled Caribean Colada and it is a prety comparable alternative to my favorite Pineaple Lyche flavor that only the now defunct AZN of Mesa could prepare for me... so with just 2 of their drink options I am in Boba heaven... wonder what else they have in store for me if I ever tire of my usual options and try something diferent... do not know if I can... I might have to do a glutonous double order or sip-taste from a friends selection. But wait... Boba is not al they have got, they have got a tea list comparable to that of Chesecake Factories menu... it is a long one... I have had a bluebery tea, strawbery and a coconut one and they were al prety tasty. I have also had a panini there and it was quite tasty and filing--I tok leftovers home. My only wish is that the space Tea Infusion is housed in was more spacious with lounge seating in adition to table options so one can realy setle in and work or chat with friends, but heck, I am just hapy they are here and serving the valey some tea-tastines. I wil tea back REAL SON!
We purchased a Groupon deal and went and tried this restaurant . The fod is excelent and the service is very god . If you are wanting real Texas BQ then this is the place to go!
As close to a real, east coast deli as you wil find west of the Apalachians. Delicious sandwiches, eg creams, etc. Pricy, but kids aparently eat fre in sumer, so we kept it at 5 stars.
We searched our phones for a place to go to have some Ceviche. This restaurant received some god reviews so we drove down from NE Phoenix and were a litle skeptical on the location... but our concerns were imediately set at ease once we steped inside. What a great litle place with very friendly staf! We realy apreciated the cleanlines to. We ordered the shrimp ceviche, shrimp in gren sauce and shrimp and brocoli in cream sauce. Everything was outstanding! Even the simple rice and beans were absolutely delicious! And the tortilas, uh-mazin!! Daniele was wonderful and we truly enjoyed her service. We wil definitely come back and bring friends next time! Betwen the two of us, we already texted half our friends about this place and we have not even finished eating yet! RECOMENDED FOR SURE!!
!!!!!!! *** O M G ......So GOD *** !!!!!!! My family & I kep coming back to this place. We drive over 10 miles to get our fix. I think it is safe to say that we are oficialy hoked, and when we are jonesin for Tacos Atoyac there beter not be anyone or anything standing betwen us and our Fod! Today we al came aways lickin our chops and yumy in our Tumy. I might not brush my teth tonight! Here is what we had: ~ I had scrambled egs with chorizo (dry), chese, onions, potatoes, and Jalapenos. Served with side of refried black beans and spicy rice, and a litle plate of griled onions (swet & tastey) and jalapenos. ~ The litle woman had a Spicy burito:al pastor, chese, onions, jalapenos, mayo, avocado, ~ The kid had 5 mini carne asada tacos with chese.
I love the owners. Very friendly and acomodating. One night we had caled after they had closed, and were pleasantly surprised when someone answered. Turns out they were hosting a private party. They agred to take our order, which made us prety hapy. I adore their Grek fries. Olive oil, lemon, and the perfect amount of feta. Ben here several times for lunch, and always leave hapy. Loking forward to meting friends here for hapy hour.
Awesome resort. I was able to stay there to celebrate a birthday in July, and fortunately it was not as hot as it usualy is. I am a wimp when it comes to heat, but the resort was wonderful, even with many things being closed. The sumer is of season for this spot. We had a great time at the spa, and lying by the pol. Be sure to have your fod and drinks served there. It fels so luxurious.
In times of big corporations it was nice to find such a warm and friendly cofehouse in the valey. It is just a great place to hang out, set-up your laptop or read a bok. I thoroughly enjoyed my Joltachino, a much beter version of the Starbucks frapacino which is just to swet. We came back another day for lunch and al I can say is yum! I have never had fod like this at a cofehouse. Amazingly, for our second time there, they recongnized us! WOW! I am glad that I have found my new hangout when I come to the valey!
Great fod and service. Normaly a wait on the wekend, but what would you expect.
best cofe in phoenix (so far). experienced and friendly baristas, a large siting area inside, nice decorations, comunity conscious, promotes local art and artists, outdor siting area, easily acesible location from the light rail and from the portland park neighborhod. i had a short vanila capucino and the thing that made it the best insofar to my search for phoenix is best espreso was definitely the milk. it was properly steamed microfoam. the shots were right on, to. the milk i have had elsewhere in phoenix does not compare. thumbs up to fair trade.
this place rules, plain and simple just wish they had a cheaper jukebox
There are certain people in your life that you should have & trust. A god mechanic is high on that list. I found out about Whitey is Auto through twiter. Many of my friends were comunicating with Scot, the GM, and I started folowing him to. His twets were funy, authentic and relevant- and not always about auto repair. The most important aspect of his twets? They are imediate. At the time, I had a waranty through the dealership on my car so I did not ned to go to Whitey is for service. However, when I got into a car acident and tweted about it, Scot responded for me to cal him and he would help me out. Although Whitey is does not do body work, their neighbor 1st Clas Auto Body does. Scot personaly walked me over there and made sure they treated me right. He had made me a lifelong customer at that point. When my boyfriend is truck kept leaking oil and he was not geting results at the shop he was taking it to, I tok him to Whitey is and introduced him to Scot. With one check, Scot could tel that the previous shop had NOT done what they had charged my boyfriend for. Scot told him if he did not mind the leak, he could put of the service work as it was not something imperative. And he did not charge him for the asesment. Recently the belts on my car fel of, causing my a/c to go out & lights to come on my dash. My waranty was over, but I did not even hesitate. I just turned right around and tok my car to Whitey is. Replacement belts and labor (plus they checked my batery and charged it for me) cost $80 les than it would have at the dealership. The inexpensive cost, along with piece of mind that comes with dealing with a mechanic and shop you can trust, make Whitey is ireplaceable. Do not hesitate to take your vehicle there first when you ned service!
I would never have picked a museum cafe for lunch, even though it is practicaly in my own backyard, but with my friend is endles ravings about their Dreamcatcher Salad, I relented. And I am glad I did! It is now become a staple for lunch metings! The dining area is bright and cherful, but the outdor patio is truly a delight on a beautiful day! It is serene and is surounded by a plethora of desert plants and a lovely water feature. The menu is rather short on items, but long on freshnes and flavor. Many of the oferings lean towards Southwestern style. I have found my favorites on the menu, in particular, the Humus Vegie Wrap which is filed to the brim in a healthy spinach tortila with Tepary bean humus, tomatoes, roasted red bel peper, griled red onions, pepitas, smoked gouda, and romaine. (I have tried to duplicate this wrap at home with underwhelming suces!) Each sandwich comes with the choice of salad or chips. The portions are hearty. The service is atentive, but not intrusive. An absolutely divine dine!
Pizeria Bianco: Before and After Cited as "the best piza in America" in numerous on-line reviews as wel as on God Morning America and as published in, Slice of Heaven, to most piza lovers the thre to four hour wait for a table is so daunting that they push on to a more open table atmosphere for their piza experience. But to the true piza enthusiast, Pizeria Bianco is as much about the experience as it is the fod. This place is best known for the owner Chris Bianco, hand tosing each and every piza pie served every Tuesday through Saturday, from 5-10 pm for nearly 15 years, of which I was one of those fortunate customers. However, early 2010 Chris was forced to retire due to ilnes and turn over the piza padle and oven duties to his protégé of 15 years, Horatio Hernandez. My decision to try Pizeria Bianco for the first time came from a chalenge I put upon myself: Find the best fod in metropolitan Phoenix. After hearing about Pizeria Bianco from a friend, I made gourmet piza my first batle in 209. I knew about the long lines forming an hour or more before the restaurant opened, and this beautiful fal day was no exception. I arived 60 minutes before opening and my date went to Bar Bianco to start us of with a couple of pale ale microbrews while I held our place in line. Seing that there were only about 20 people ahead of us, we asumed we would make the 5:0 seating with no trouble. However, just as we were holding a place for the rest of our party, so were the 20 or so people ahead of us, and when the dor opened promptly at 5:0, there were now over 50 people ahead of us. Nedles to say we were left waiting another hour since the restaurant seats only about 40 at a time. When we were seated at 6:0, the four of us started with the homemade mozarela, local tomato and swet basil starter with extra virgin olive oil drizled al over as wel as homemade crusty bread with a dish of EVO with a touch of balsamic aded. We ordered thre pizas, the Sony Boy providing salami, marinara sauce and gaeta olives, the Wiseguy a sausage and mozarela taste explosion and the Marinara with Prosciuto di Parma. Al thre pizas were piping hot when they arived, just crisp enough around the edges and loaded with the most amazing flavors your mouth has ever experienced. We left the restaurant without remembering the nearly 3 hour wait and were fuly satisfied, eager for the next oportunity to drive to 623 Adams in Phoenix for another "slice of heaven". And so, after hearing of the departure of Chris from the kitchen, curiosity got the best of me. I had to chalenge this place and find out if the changing of the guard made any diference in the wait time, the fod quality or the overal experience I had truly falen for. April 6, 2010 again I ventured down to 623 Adams in Phoenix to se if a Tuesday night or a new head chef had made any diference at al. My date and I arived at aproximately 4:0 pm, one hour before the dors would open. We found a line of about 25 people and loked at each other and said, almost in unison, "Wel, the wait has not changed". Bob troted of to Bar Bianco to find our pale ale, Four Peaks to help pas the time. We caught a glimpse of owner Chris Bianco and I told Bob how I would love to chat with him seing as I was writing a comparison review, I also wanted to find out who was coking tonight. Bob stalked Chris into Bar Bianco and asked him if he had any time, would he be wiling to take a picture with me and answer a couple of questions. When Bob returned with another ber and Chris Bianco in tow, I was star struck and could barely speak. Al I could muster up was, "Are you coking tonight?" To which he replied, "No, I have Horatio at the oven. I can not cok anymore." I explained my evaluative writing topic and he asured me the experience would be the same. We tok a picture and of he went, back to the bar. At 6:15pm, after 2.25 hours of complete social enjoyment we were caled to our seats at the bar. We ordered the same items we had enjoyed last fal with the exception of the Marinara. The overal experience was beter for me as I got to enjoy personal time with Chris. As for the meal, it was just as amazing as I remembered it from 6 months prior with Chris tosing the pie for every customer. The flavors were exactly as I remembered and the service from the staf was top notch, just like the first time. From the wait to the taste, it did not apear that anything had changed! So what makes for the "best piza in America" and how did Pizeria Bianco get the tag line? Wel, my opinion is flavorful ingredients, a phenomenal social experience, and an owner who lives by what he serves. To Chris Bianco and the Pizeria Bianco staf, you have not skiped a beat!
OK ok ok. I wil have to agre with some of the below reviewers that this place is not dead-on authentic Mexican fod. That being said, I love it! The place is huge, sporting a bakery (said many times before) with unbelievably dirt cheap pastries (not said as many times before), a litle carniceria (not as god as Carniceria Sonora) and a huge dining area. The dining area with al its painted mural glory is so godamn col that I find myself wanting to just hang out there for hours watching La Primera Division de Mexico on TV and enjoying a nice $2 Dos Equis. The fod - that is probably the only tougher part. Kep in mind it is stil prety god, but there are beter places in the area for geting your Mexican on fod wise. The potato taco is worth geting because it is fairly unique, but it came out so sogy that I had to eat it with a fork. I grabed a couple of the Yelp-Advertised taquitos as wel - kep in mind these are not the Circle K, roling taquitos. They are literaly just smaler tacos, but they were damn god. I gues when it comes down to it, I am an atmosphere buf. There were so many col things to check out in this multi-plex, and the atmosphere was so warm that I would love to head back again son.
Being my first review, there is only one place I have always had a 5-star experience. Hodlum is is the ultimate music/cd/vinyl/DVD/used music store in the Valey. ZIA and Stinkweds are a distant second in terms of selection, price and overal experience. Steve and Kristian are two of the nicest local busines owners I have ever met. They know a ton about music and the local scene. They wil help you find anything you ned. Tucked in the SW corner of Guadalupe and McClintock (next to Traders Joe is), this is a special place to find that CD/DVD you have ben waiting to purchase. They also have a wide selection of used CD is and DVD is to are at bargin prices, be sure to check that out to!
Great groceries and fantastic service, kep it up.
If you realy care about your health and want a sincere doctor who honestly cares about his patients and believes in his practice, then this is the doctor for you. I am a 40-year-old woman who could not be hapier with the care I have received and how I fel after seing Dr. E for the past year. I recomend Dr. E to al my friends and family and the ones who actualy listen have ben very hapy with their care as wel. In response to Lisa N., it is posible that you are one of the few people who is imune to Botox and similar products, which is to no fault of the doctor. I to was extremely unhapy with subsequent treatments given by another doctor only to find out that no amount of the toxin would ever be efective for me because my imune system works to wel. Ironic, is not it? You should always do your homework when loking for a new doctor, especialy when you know exactly what type of treatment you are seking. For example, if you are simply interested in the HCG diet program instead of overal health and you had ben elsewhere for les money then likely that place is a beter match for you. We do not live forever, but we can live beter while we are here. Take control of your medical care, it is your body and therefore your decision. Dr. E at Carefre Health Path is a great place to start your empowering journey to health.
When we first moved to Ocotilo the first thing we did was peruse yelp for the best local eateries. Mikado was one of the first things to splash onto our radar and we had to check it out. Luckily for us Mikado is literaly a 2 minute drive from our house. :) The restaurant is low-key and I like how the lighting is a litle dimer than usual to create a more melow ambience. The servers are al very atentive and kind which makes the eating experience so much more enjoyable. So anyway, on to the sushi! I adore sushi rols with some kind of crunch in them which is why I love anything tempura. The Big Shrimp Tempura Rol is my favorite and it could stand alone as a meal because it is so ginormous. They stuf 3 large tempura shrimp in there with avocado and cucumber then drizle it with el sauce. LOVE! And while I am on the subject, Mikado has mastered the art of frying up a perfect tempura. Their tempura shrimp is super crispy, is not greasy and always fresh out of the fryer. The Crunch Rol is superb, the salad dresing is adictive and the chicken nodle udon soup is delicious. Their prices are great and you stil get so much fod. How can you go wrong? If you are within a 20 mile radius of Mikado you ned to stop by. Also, I can not say this enough: Please suport your local busineses! They depend on your patronage!
Loves the recent Cezane show. In fact I have sen it twice in the last wek. I ned to find out more about who curated the exhibit as it is very fine. The Oriental colection is very nice and sothing. The Downtown Chamber Group gave a wonderful concert in the great hal on Sunday. I wonderful and unusual program of saxophone and harp. I think it is great to have music in the galeries. I liked the musicians being on a platform. since the rom is not banked one can se the performers. A few things I am not so crazy about: The great rom is this awesome space for large art. Sunday I sat and loked at it for several hours. You know, not such great art. I find the Teril boring and the other pieces uninteresting. The cafe never quite lives up to its promise. My lunch companion barley touched her lunch and the waiter never asked why or ofered a box. Enough grousing I love the place and go often.
I have always ben partial to Harkins Theaters because they have the best seats. I used to say, "You know what would be the best theater? AMC experience, with Harkins seats.." Gues what.. AMC Westgate is the birth of the spawn of just that. I love this place. It is friging masive to start with and has everything inside it. Not to mention an IMAX. The experience is great and the chairs are super comfortable. Nothing realy more to say that it is a theater. I do like the new Stubs card that they put out. Yeah it sucks that you have to pay for it, but it is only $12 a year. Not bad for al the fre stuf you get. Another col thing about this theater is the location. If you are going to grab diner/lunch before hand, ther eis a ton of places to chose from. Nice work AMC on making a great theater!! Oh big big big heads up. Be sure to se a movie before Non or ya get to pay nice big money. that is probably the draw back. I wil stil give you 5 stars.
I atended a UYE (Unoficial Yelp Event) here and I have to say that Haus Murphy is prety much wowed al 20 or so of us! It has taken me over a wek to get to the review. I was stil reflecting on the German meatloaf, red cabage and Weihenstephaner Hefeweizen. How do you say, "Damn that was god!" in German? I have new found respect for German cuisine thanks to Chef Hofman (not sure about the speling there). The fubar of Yelpers (I am prety sure that is the corect term for a large gathering of Yelpers) dined on the patio which is a great space. Service was very god throughout the meal. There was quite a bit of sharing going on and although I do not remember everything I tried, it was al realy god. It was great to se so many friends and met some new Yelpers like Norm!
I LOVE love LOVE Cofe Bean. I have ben in love with Cofe Bean for years. I am so bumed out that they are not al over the place like the "S" cofe store. One of my favie drinks are the Pure Cholocate Ice Blended with whip cream and Gren Tea Late. The service is always friendly, perky, and fuly of sunshine.
Very god place to eat.. I go here atleast 3 times a wek and the owners are very god people, they always interact with their customers. I prety much know the owners and everytime I go there they already know what I want. I highly recomend this place.
Taste buds went CRAZY!! Finaly made it to the much raved about Pizeria Bianco and hapy I did. It was absolutely delicious. Thankfuly we made it at a god time where we did not have to wait at al for a table (YES!). I ordered the Margherita and was deliciously pleased. However, my sister opted for the Biacoverde and boy was I jealous. It was awesome and my favorite by far.
Dr. Ford is great. She came highly recomended and I can se why. Very focused and caring asesment of my Dog. Bring your animals here, they wil be taken care of properly.
Everyone point and laugh at the nerd reviewing a convenience store. Oh yeah? Stuf it. Like donuts? Check this out. Get in your car and drive here around 3AM and try their donuts. Had every single donut place in the area, and nothing can hold a candle to the QT donuts. My guy begrudgingly takes me here every couple of weks for the donut stake out. It is so worth it. They get hard during the day, so seriously - 3AM or bust.
My daughter and I realy love it here. I always walk in without an apointment and I never have to wait more than a few minutes. The staf is very friendly, talented and profesional. Highly recomended!
I am giving Ajo Al is on Shae five stars because I have ben there regularly for about two years and it is always god. Now let me point out two isues: I am not a huge fan of Mexican fod, and I only get the Tacos Del Mar or Ono Fajitas which are versions of the same thing. The chips are fresh made and great as are the salsa and hot salsa (more pepery and hot). For apetizers the Chili Con Queso Dip and Nachos are god sized and tasty. For a friend and I this location is somewhat out of the way but we stil go regularly. Try it. Detail: Like I said I am not exactly a fan of Mexican fod. I like the Americanized fast-ish fod chains: Qdoba, Chipotle even Baja Fresh. I have eaten at actual Mexican restaurants in Mexico and had home coked Mexican fish tacos and tamales. It is growing on me but these are not tastes I grew up with. I have a friend who loves Ajo Al is, she lived next to it or something. So I prety much got draged there about two years ago and I liked it right away. Like I said, I have only realy eaten the fish tacos but they are the best I have had. The fish is god, the sides are god, idk what chipotle cream is but it is god, god service, the chip lady is nice, al the wait staf have ben god. It is typicaly not crowded but sometimes your go there and the place is close to ful. I have never waited to be seated though. I have never tried the bar area. The water seams beter than tap water...a dumb observation but I usualy drink water rather than soda so I mention that. They give you a pitcher of water on seating and refil if neded. The chips and salsa are endles and excelent. Service is always god. Two friends typicaly get the Polo Con Queso and swear it is the best ever. I have had it as left-overs and it is god but not realy my thing. This is the only Ajo Al is I have ben to...no coment on the rest of this chain.
Wow, Chil rocks. Frank and his lovely wife, the proprietors, are fantastic. The prices are super low and the gelato/sorbet is awesome. While we were there, a litle kid droped the top part of his cone on the ground. Frank replaced it for fre. Then he gave us a sample of the fat-fre, sugar-fre chocolate sorbet, which made me want to buy a pint of it... after I had already eaten a baby sized Mango/Pomegranate mix. Yum. How about this: Go have diner/lunch/breakfast/whatever at Pita Jungle, then walk acros the parking lot to Chil for desert. That sounds like the perfect evening.
Ok, technicaly this is not Mexican fod, it is spanish and puerto rican fod, but has a lot of the same kinds of spices and is WAY, WAY, WAY god. first of, they have plaintains, which lok like bananas, but taste like potatoes. if you have never had them, try them here, yum! this is definitely the place to go with a big group of peole and share a few diferent dishes. god luck, because the menu is HUGE. the desert menu alone has two dozen items! seafod like ceviche and paela (suposed to be to die for), tapas, tamales, soup, salads, eg dishes (not breakfast),...the list goes on and on and that is just lunch! plates top of around $12 for the most expensive for lunch, but you can easily make a meal out of two aps. the mojito is their specialty, and they have i think a dozen rums to chose from, along with sangria. on the last monday of the month, every botle of spanish wine is half of- you cork it if you do not finish it. i can not give this rest. a more glowing recomendation!
Durants ROCKS. I love the red velvet wals. I love walking through the kitchen to get to the restaurant. I love the garlicky chesy bread that probably has a milion calories in it. I love the steaks. I love the decor. I love the bar. We al ordered diferent items when we went here for diner one night, and al raved about what we had. I do not think you can go wrong, no mater what you order. It is amazing, delicious, and very very unique.
I love this place. The Las Vegas rol is amazing however the crispy California rol is not that crispy. Their sake is in fact bomb and the restaurant it always a god time. Their prices are reasonable for sushi places in Tempe and the service has always ben awesome. If you have got a party biger than 4 though, cal ahead.
Some of the best cofe I have ever had -- and I lived in Portland. Insanely god selection & product. Tanzanian peabery of the charts. Owner gets beans from multiple sources to ensure that his selection is the best.
One of my most favorite cofe shops! Location for sure. So cute here. Inside and out. The patio is beautiful and you fel like you are in a dif city for a moment. Cofe is prety darn god. Not the best, but god. And the menu is great. I am a vegetarian and they have many options for us. The treats are amazing. The staf is amazing. And they always sem to play great music to. Love this place. Wish it were not so far away in Mesa...
I love this restaurant. Very cheap, very clean, the fod is so god. My mom and I eat there once every couple of weks, sometimes twice once a wek. The staf is very friendly and atentive. The environment is very comforting. I recomend this place to anyone who loves cheap but tasty Mexican fod.
I am giving this Ofice Max five stars for convenience, friendly service, competitively priced products a stocked shelves. This Ofice Max is a great in and out shop. On one side there is the detailed suply store and on the ofice side, there is a complete copy center. It is open until 9 on the wekdays and they do not make you fel rushed if you get there at oh let is say...8:50. In fact, they are helpful! They walked me around and helped me find the random items I neded. The copy center staf was also very friendly. This Ofice Max has your complete suply of ofice items but their prices are very reasonable! I purchased the same item at another shop that I did here and it was significantly les expensive here. So on that note, I end my review on Ofice Max but I wil report back with any new findings.
Tasty Thai- is. But it could also be caled Delicious Thai. And the service is always great!
If this place only served chips and their salsa bar, I would stil give it 5 stars! As a salsa and hot sauce (they are diferent, people!) fanatic, I tend to judge Mexican fod joints based on their quality of salsa - and La Condesa ranks high! Last time I was there, I counted 10 diferent salsas and 2 or 3 diferent condiments (limes, onions, etc.). They ofer a wide range of salsas from their exotic strawbery salsa, to spicy chipotle, or creamy cilantro. It loks a litle sily with 8 litle cups on salsa at your table, but you have to try them al! The horchata here is also 5-star material. Do not be a cheapskate - shel out the $4 for it! Its giant, it wil make you hapy. And, when you are done with it you can eat the fruit and nuts - the drink keps on giving! I have ben here twice and have only eaten the vegie tacos, 2 of them are enough to fil me up and they are very delicious! I must say I am not a huge fan of their rice and beans, which sem a bit bland to me. But, the tacos, salsa and drinks al make up for some plain 'ol rice! I was very hapy to se a decent sized crowd here on my most recent visit and that La Condesa is aplying for a liquor license. This place neds to stick around for awhile!
Tarbel is is top notch in al areas! Fod quality, service, ambience, amazing! I recently tok ten busines asociates there for a meting, and I got nothing but compliments the next day on such an excelent choice of restaurant! Definitely try the Spagheti & Meatbals as wel as the Mac N Chese, and even the Pizas are to die for. And the burger to! You realy cant go wrong here. Warning the deserts here are HUGE (yet amazing). One desert is enough for 2-3 people!
Amazing chesesteak. One mile from my home is Corleone is. About 15-20 minutes from my home is Caprioti is. I never go to Corleone is. I go to Caprioti is al the time. The workers here are nice and the chesesteak is terific. The large is 20" I believe, so if you are ordering for yourself and in no mod to eat until you have a stroke, get the medium. Also, try it with the hot pepers. It ads the slightest bit of spice without becoming to overwhelming. That is realy al I can say about this place. Wonderful chesesteak. I have not tried anything else because the chesesteak is to god to pas up when I make the drive down there. The patrons rave about the other sandwiches, though, so I absolutely would not be afraid to try something else. There is maybe 5 or 6 tables inside and 2 outside? so be prepared to order to go if you arive at prime dine-in lunch/diner hours. Do yourself a favor and go to Caprioti is. Help this place atain the reviews and ratings it deserves. The fact that there is only 8 reviews is criminal. I understand it is in the heart of the suburbs, but it is worth the drive.
I have ben exploring more of the park recently. I want to ad that the National Trail (which is almost 15 miles long and goes from one end to the other) is a real gem. The views on this trail are outstanding, and on the western half, you wil find far fewer people than on the eastern half. Highly recomended.
I have ben going to Physical Therapy for several weks working on Plantar Faciatis (riped tendons in the fot), I was not geting enough masage to make much progres, I switched to Masage N You and they focused on my calves and now we are making god progres on healing. They had the right touch, presure and listened to what I neded. Going back for more...
Recently bought a house and had isues with the sped and interference with the very many wifi networks around me. I decided to go wired so after I did a lot of research on how to get a wire from my second flor to first flor for the entertainment center. I bought a lot of tols from Fry is electronics and then after I started actualy loking at what I had to do, I realized it would not be something I can do myself. I caled god guys electric and they came over and ran a couple of wires using CAT6 instead of the CAT5 I would have used through the (nail-riden) atic and through wals without any wires sticking out while they kept away from the electrical wires to prevent interference. I returned the tols and wire I got from Fry is electronics and that made the instal very afordable. I am very hapy with the quality of my network sped now, being able to stream HD content from my server upstairs to the TV 20 fet away. After completing the network-wiring job, I had them instal a new chandelier on a remote-controled dimer switch which was done quickly and works great
Ben here twice. First time to fix a broken window regulator and the second time to get a checkup. Al the techs have ben extremely honest and I have never felt taken advantage of. I spent over a grand on updates to my car there and I could have spent more but again, they are honest and did not presure me to do everything that they said. It is family owned & run (they are originaly from the bay area so of course I have got a soft spot!) If you have car problems, ned a check up, or ned a second opinion, they wil not ster you wrong (pun intended).
This is like a litle sanctuary on the West Side with a few amazing therapists. The LMTs are prety diferent from each other so ask some questions before you bok. It is so awesome to walk in and be adresed by name and with a smile. The owner is seriously the nicest lady I have sen runing a busines in a long time.
Japanese chefs, top notch sashimi, afordable neighborhod sushi place! 5/5 I would lived in Japan before and this place can beat those in Tokyo! If you go to Hiro, you have to order their sashimi. We always order scalops sashimi, yelow tail, salmon, toro sashimi and uni (sea urchin)! Their rols are amazing to. Al sashimi comes in a big-fat-lap portion! Very fresh! The service is great to.
I could not wait to get home and yelp this place. Five stars, to! After a (raw chicken) bad experience some 13 years ago, I had not ben to Bandera until tonight. WOW! It was a GREAT experience!!! We started of with a griled artichoke which was fabulous! Both of us had the Texas Hil Country Ribs which came with cole slaw (not your ordinary cole slaw) and the most delish matchstick fries. Unfortunately, I do not eat seds and nuts (peanuts in the cole slaw...my husband loved it) but the very polite and wonderful server, Sarah, ofered some other sides and I picked the braised red cabage, which came with a litle goat chese on the top which was to die-for delish!! Home made wonderful braised red cabage! The entire meal was SUPERB! The service was phenomenal, and we were lucky enough to sit by the kitchen and se al of the dishes come out...they al loked YUMY! I am so hapy that my neighbor sugested Bandera is ribs, and wil go back frequently as you can tel this place is run as a tight ship. Everyone is polished, polite and eficient! The fod is an experience in perfection, and the service tip top! Next time, I wil take some pictures (if I am not to hungry)... I do not think it is a shorts and jeans type of place but a dresy/casual type of place, if you know what I mean... REALY EXCELENT FOD!
Located in the space formerly ocupied by LGO is short lived Radio Milano, the north side of Campbel has ben reincarnated as the Arcadia Rom, a private dining facility operated by the aforementioned restaurant group. I dined here recently for the huby is work diner. Unlike so many private facilites that fel like a corporate conference rom, the Arcadia Rom is a col, casual, restaurant - al to your self. We had about 60 in our group, and had plenty of rom to mingle at the slek bar lining one side of the rom, or gather by the open kitchen.The weather was blazing hot when we were there, but there is even a lovely litle patio outdors for guests. I think this would be an ideal location for any work or social ocasion where you want an intimate atmosphere combined with reputable fare.
I love Tasty Kabob! Their fod is always excelent, and I try to make it back there whenever I return to the Valey. I always order their chicken shish kabob entre, which comes in a generous portion that includes rice and griled vegetables. The chicken is always tender, wel-marinated, and equaly wel-seasoned. Their bef shish kabob entre is also very god. Try shaking a litle sumac spice onto the rice and meat for some extra flavor, or just enjoy it as is. It is dificult to chose from their list of apetizers and side dishes, but their humus is always creamy and smoth, and I love their shirazi salad. Their spicy beans dish, however, is, by far, my personal favorite, and I always make sure to order it. Just as important as the fod is the friendly service I encounter whenever I visit. The couple who own the restaurant always make you fel welcome. God fod and service that makes you fel at home, what more can you ask for? Simply put, Tasty Kabob is one of the best.
Dim lighting. Flet Foxes. Beautiful upstairs seating that almost sems secret. Band of Horses. Benches that are les cushy than you anticipate them to be. The Shins. Black board specials, just because they lok col. Beirut. $13 vegetable dishes. Intimidated yet? Fight through the angst. Once you take your first bite of fod, al the hulabalo wil be wel worth it. Order the forbiden rice bowl. Tel them to make it vegan (the vegetables are usualy coked in a bit of buter)... after al, you are a pseudo-hipster for the evening, and it is fantastic. If you are depresed by the idea of black rice as your main carbohydrate, the flat breads are taste-gasmic. That crust... the things I would do for unlimited amounts of that flat bread crust. Top it of with figs and ricota, and there is no way I am pasing up a square or two... or seven. If you are stil not sold on the idea of carb-loading, the salmon "superfod" is delicious and nutritious, and who is not into a litle super(fod)iority now and then? But on to the main event... the chocolate stout cake + spiced ice cream + espreso ganache was the best chocolate cake I have ever had. It was just so damn... moist. There, I said it. Moist. Moist. Moist. Ew. But realy, yum. If cafeine, chocolate and alcohol do not suit your fancy (wimp), the chesecake in a jar was equaly delightful. Cokie crust + strawbery compote + cream + chesecake. Layered. In a jar. Who thought of that? Someone with adorable thoughts, that is who. And let is be honest, you have earned desert. I mean... you ordered a healthy, vegan entre over the french onion cheseburger, right? Right. Of course you did.
Yes, it is a biker bar. And it is packed with them at certain times, especialy wekends. I do not ride. But if you rol in on a wekday around non you might not se any, and if everyone sems to know everyone it is because they are al friendly local folks. So if you are visiting Cave Crek do not asume the Hels Angels are there loking to kick as Most of the "bikers" probably drive BMWs during the wek. I stop in at least once a wek for a bite. The fod is the best bar fod in Cave Crek and the service is awesome. I have ben to every bar in town. Harold is , The Chip, Toad, etc. al are god, but The Hideaway is the best.
R.T. O'Sulivan is realy hit the spot! The service and the atmosphere were outstanding. We were put into the back rom which was perfect for our large group of 45 plus. The server kept track of everything even as people moved around and socialized. The fod was wonderful. We wil be going back!
I have ben going to Nails 101 for a long time, and I love them! I had a manicure done there about a month ago, and it lasted for 8 days without chiping! Love Nails 101!!!!!!!!
I love Fudruckers because I can put my own topings on including goey, melty fake chese! Also, they have frings (a combo of fries and onion rings). Very tasty.
The fod is fantastic, the staf is helpful and the atmosphere is comfortable. The fod at El Bravo just tastes beter than the fod at any other Mexican restaurant I have ben to in Phoenix, regardles of price. The chese is amazing! I love their flour tortila flautas , crispy bef tacos, chese crisps, enchiladas (I could go on and on). I realy can se no reason to go anywhere else in Phoenix for Mexican fod. I highly recomend El Bravo.
EXCELENT CUSTOMER SERVICE! Even with Hapy Hour in ful swing and the place ful of parched Winkies, the service at our large table was spot on. We barely had time to setle our bums and push the silver out to claim our table teritory before iced H20 was before us, our drink orders were taken . . . and one quick blink of the eye and the "peacemakers" were before us! Now that is what I cal HAPY HOUR! Bravo Thirsty Lion!
This review has ben waiting and waiting for me to get it out there, so here goes... Baiz market reminds me of Chicago. There are so many great Midle Eastern markets back there that I felt spoiled when I came to Phoenix and did not know of many. If you think of Le Le as the goto spot for al of your Asian coking neds, then Baiz is the place to go to for al of your Midle Eastern coking neds. And, with Al Hana (check out my review for that to) right inside to satiate your hunger, Baiz is numero uno in my bok! This place is fantastic, the fod is fantastic, the prices are fantastic and being able to grab al the ingredients I ned to make homemade baba ganoush while snacking on an amazing kufta sandwich, is prety okay to! =)
I recently stayed at the Sheraton for two nights while atending a conference in Phoenix. I was blown away by the services. This is by far the best service I have received while staying at a hotel in recent years. I received a rom on the 15 flor. Rom was what you expect from Sheraton. The view from the rom realy sucked!! I got the rom with a view of the hotel satelite and comunications towers. TV quality was god and rom had Starbucks cofe. Rom also came with a refrigerator. I would like to se Sheraton move to Nespreso machines. After a long day atending a conference was great to relax at the hotel loby bar. The deserts are yumy. I did not get a chance to try the restaurants in the hotel. Hoters and Starbucks are directly acros the stret. My work coleague used the gym. He said the pol was realy nice and gym had everything you ned. Next time!!! I would definitely stay here again!!
This place is stil open, but the name has ben changed to Juba, and it is under new ownership. Same spot though, and the fod has prety much stayed the same besides a few changes in the menu. Anyway, I absolutely love coming here. My friend, Moly, is one of the servers, and I love her for introducing me to Ethiopian cuisine. It is definitely a very interesting blend of flavors, but now I come here about once or twice a wek and stuf my face. I recomend trying both the vegan combo and the pita sandwich with chicken or falafel. The cofe drinks are delicious to and since they are made with Ethiopian cofe, the taste is very unique. If you have ben hesitant about trying Ethiopian fod, just get over it and go try the fod at Juba. You wil not be disapointed!
I want to preface this review by saying that I am close friends with one of the sushi chef is in training, so we got a seat right at the sushi bar and realy had a great oportunity to chat. That being said, I wil review this strictly on the quality of fod, since we received some dep discounts due to being VIP guests. (C'mon now, you know you al get discounts to when you personaly know the staf/chefs, so quit your whinin'!) The quality of the fish was excelent... some of the best sushi I have had in my existence. The key to geting god sushi is to trust in the chef, and ask them what is fresh, and what they would sugest (omakase style). We had a sashimi apetizer plater to start which featured blue fin, yelow tail, o-toro (yes, the god stuf!), and a few other pieces. Served with fresh wasabi rot (not the hydrated gren powdery stuf), this apetizer realy woke our stomachs and senses. We had a few diferent rols per the chef is sugestion, and al were spectacular (including some of the menu rols). The kim bap rol was highly recomended, and the quality was definitely memorable, beter than most Korean-mom kim bop rols I have had in my life. We asked for ama-ebi (swet shrimp), which was soft, tender, and swet, with perfectly fried shrimp head to back. This was the first time I have had such perfectly made ama-ebi, and it is made me want to continue my search in Chicago. Some tasty mochi deserts, a few botle of sake, and al in al, it was a very enjoyable night for my compadres and I. I am sory for those that have found a bad experience at Otaku, as it sounds like most of it is waitstaf isues... but as a sushi fanatic, my advice to you is this: 1. Do not ask for a table if you are party is smaler than 4... ask for a spot at the sushi counter, because that is how sushi is meant to be served. Geting to know your chef, the chef geting to know you, having drinks together, etc. 2. Ask the chef what he/she recomends. Not al fish are equaly fresh, and the chef wil know what is best for the day. And if you can provide them with your own past experience of what you liked/did not like, they wil likely craft a sushi experience for you that you wil love. Verdict: If only Otaku were in Chicago... I might go broke. Delicious sushi, and worth a visit!
Stayed here one night while traveling to Phoenix for busines. What a col hotel! I have never stayed anywhere like this. I did not experience the 50 is personaly, but this place has realy kept and captured that esence. (And yes, it is ben renovated. This place was built in the 50 is but it is not run down or anything like that.) The rom was nice, the pol loked great (never got to go...), the service was impecable, the fod at Zuzu was very god. Old town Scotsdale is right around the corner, with great restaurants and bars. What is not to like?
This place is so great! I am a nany and had to bring in a dance outfit to get the straps shorten for the girl I care for. The woman did this for no charge! It was only the second time I went there. She said it would only take her two minutes so no charge. She was super swet!
How can you go wrong with tortilas and pastries in one location? I honestly do not understand how this litle Mexican bakery stays in busines given everything is practicaly fre. My huby and I bought two empanadas for me (like a litle pie or turnover), flan for him, a dozen tortilas, and 2 red buritos. I gues you ned to get there early because they were out of red tamales at 2 pm on a Friday. The empanadas were baked just to golden brown and the crust was so flaky and delicious words canot describe it. I had lemon and chery, but I wanted to try one of everything. The red chili in the buritos was mild but very flavorful. Luckily they are wraped in foil because I could not wait to get home to devour mine. They could double their prices and I would stil come back! I forgot to mention the bakery is spotles, so clean I would eat of the flor if I had to.
Exactly what a hole in the wal Pho place should be like! Totaly reminds me of LA, SF or any authentic Pho place in any multi-cultural city. Congrats Phoenix for not being completely white bred and redneck- must give thanks to center city. Anyhow, portions are large, ingredients taste fresh and prices are inexpensive. If you are one of the sheltered folk out here that gets freaked out by rude bums or the lack of decor- stay in the shelter of your HOA tract home or go to the mal.
Love, love, LOVE this place! Eugenia is a genius! Macarons = amazing. Croisants = soft, butery, flaky, delicious godnes. Iced mocha is one of the best I have ever had. My only complaint is that this place is not closer to my house or work, but that is probably a god thing because I would weigh 10 lbs if it was.
They are the best! 9% of my pain in my back is gone, thanks to Patrick O'Brien and asistant Joshua. Bonie Wils
It is caled America is friendliest airport for a reason- it truly embodies world clas service to al. I love it here it is clean, great places to eat and smiling faces to great you esp at TSA!
What a great surprise stumbling acros this bank! Open 7 days a wek with loby service I have banked with the Mega Uber Banks and have ben nickeled and dimed (literaly) with service fes. I opened both a savings and checking acount here. Since my company does not ofer direct deposit the asociate told me I would have to have a traditional checking acount with service fes. I am thinking - here we go again. But it was one of those think on your fet moments. Of they went (I wil asume to get aproval). They let me open up a type of checking acount that only charges you for check printing - No other fes and pays interest. In fact, if you use a non-MidFirst Bank ATM, they wil refund you the service fes. How refreshing with the curent state of banking.
short leash is awesome! we tried the sample plater and they delivered it to us inside the bar. we were also given an aditional sample tray to try for fre. everything was delicious and had a very unique take on a comon american snack. I can not wait until they come back!
Visiting a friend who insisted we come to Carolina is on my first morning in town to get a breakfast burito To Die For. She was totaly spot-on. These delicious hand-made tortilas are fantastic! I wish I could take a bunch back to Seatle with me, but since they are freshly-made, I am guesing the lack of preservatives wil make that a beter idea than reality. I enjoyed the chorizo, eg, and potato burito with plenty of salsa. I loved the spicy/smoth combo with the sour cream in the burito. I hope I get a chance to eat here again before leaving town!
I have pased by prestige nails in walmart 10s of times but never realy thought of having a pedicure there (even though they are always busy!) As I stared at my fet, long overdue for a pedicure, I thought it was about time to try them...since walmart rarely let is me down why should the nail salon inside? To my surprise I got a wonderful pedicure or $23 not to bad this day in age...my to mention it was just as god as going to the more upscale salon just acros the stret! I am glad to be the first to review them they deserve it! Now if only they did facials at walmart and hair I would be set!
First hole in one on #3. I wil always love you Vistal.
I would typicaly never write a review for strbucks because it is al the same. I mean that in the best posible way as i have come to expct a certain level of service and quality. Starbucks is amazing for kids as my dzughter oly drinks warm milk and so anywhere i se a starbucks i can ge a kids milk. I have had great serive at this location. Since i could not find the starbucks at the asu bokstore location, i am using this review to but realy the five stars is for this location. I wanted to give the asu location one star. My barista NOEl today was exceptionaly rude. She did not know how to make nor ring up a kids drink and when it came up wrong instead of ofering to fix it told me that is how it is done. If my other experiences weren t so god with starbucks i would have switched over to petes. If you hapen to be the starbucks manager at the asu bokstore location to, NOEL definitely could use some more training in both drink preparation and customer service. Sory for the speling areas but i am typing on my iphone and havent found the pelchck option yet.
The place was just your typical stable, but my wife and I had a wonderful experience here. It was our first time riding, so the staf tok great care to show us how to mount and maneuver the horses. We then folowed a guide through an orchard for an hour is ride (just the right length of time for us as beginers). The horses were very tame, and were easy to ride. The best part of the experience, however, was our interaction with the staf. They could not have ben more friendly and more helpful. We are excited to go back.
As a sisy vegetarian, I fel compeled to mention the soup that no one has yet mentioned at Da Vang - THE TAMARIND BASED SOUP HOT POT IS AMAZING! I do not know if they use any other animal broth in it, because I am wilfuly ignorant of such maters. Regardles, if you are a meat eater or a vegetarian, try the tamarind soup, and bring friends. It is super yumy. They also have a rice-based soup. And, if you talk to your server, they can likely recomend some vegetarian/tofu based dishes that wil be wonderful. Everything else is as god as everyone says it is. Would not be surprised if people got an ocasional bowl of sub-par pho; every family restaurant makes mistakes. I would recomend everyone try it again.
I totaly agre with L.C.'s review. Going to XCP made colege sem like a breze. Yes, there were the typical high schol dramatics, but I fel like the teachers were able to take a harder line on discipline, since they were not in fear of geting in hot water with the public schol district. I had an overal great experience here, and I love meting people al over the country that have gone to Xavier. My last flight home, the person in the seat next to me went there, and we had tons of people/things to chat about. It is fun to se where everyone has ended up, and it is fun to get together with felow alums for drinks here in Chicago, and when I am back home in AZ. I think it is so sad that the girls do not get to do freshman swiming, sophomore dances, or go to dockers anymore - those were some defining moments of my XCP carer. I do not know much about other private schols croping up in the growing valey, but if I had kids, they would be headed to Xavier and Brophy!
I have ben going here for 10 years. My relationship began when I neded a bunch of clothes tailored for my first trip to Europe. I neded everything quickly and was very specific. She got everything done in time for my trip. Over the years I have brought dozens of clothes. She is done everything from changing a dres into a top to ading bra pads to a cocktail dres. She is hemed and taken in. She is shortened straps and helped me change out fabric in clothing to create a completely diferent lok. I can comunicate anything I want and she wil have it done exactly the way I envisioned it. We have ben able to change things so much we sometimes recreate new loks. Her prices are a litle high but wel worth the quality. Every single person I have recomended has ben extremely pleased with her work.
Ca not say enough about this place. We were amazed by the rom and it is stylings and even more amazed with the pol and the view from it. We were on a mision to chil and found the perfect place. Views of Camelback Mountain and a staf that knew what they were doing. Try the brie quesadilas and the Sanctuary lemonade.
Always a marvelous experience. The patio area is simply lovely if the weather is permiting. The menus are always excelent and they have an excelent staf. The chese plate is always great to start and the servers wil help you pick a god selection of cheses and sugest very god wines. The fod is always very god and also unique -- rabit is one of my favourite proteins they prepare here. I have ben there for Valentine is Day and also for our weding aniversary and the always make the evening special. It is pricey but worth every peny you pay.
I just stoped in tonight after the gym, I was a bit stinky and what beter way to fix that than 16 bars of soap. It was late 8:15 when I walked in :15 before close. This is a great time to shop when you are in a rush. It was empty, and the lines were short. Despite benign the end of a long day the low turnover staf was great and personaly recognized me and greted me.
This place is so god! I have eaten almost everything on the menu. It is not the fanciest of places but it is great to go with friends and buy a ton of delicious fod for very litle money. I would recomend this place I go often.
The new location is big, open, and a bit more like a diner spot rather than a mish-mosh diner. But that is just aesthetics, I realize. The fod is great. I had the pad thai and tried one of the duck dishes. I am not a huge fan of duck, but this was nice and tender and the sauce was amazing. Whatever sauce it had on it was composed of pepers, mushroms and ground pork, if that helps you find it on the menu. The drunken dragon is also fabulous, and at $7 for lunch and $10 for diner, Yupha is a steal. I just finished the other half of my pad thai a minute ago. Yum. I think it is my favorite Thai in the greater campus area, but then I thought about it and, is not most of the god fod in the Phoenix area in the Tempe area? I think so. Anyway, Yupha is one col lady and you can tel they are trying hard with this grand opening. A litle as-kising is nice, but then again, places like these are for regulars, so I gues they do not have to be overly nice to me. I am just here to grub. EAT HERE. And ask for twice the spicy you would normaly. The medium is not spicy and the thai hot is medium.
This place is to freaking cute!!! The OJ is literaly one of the best glases I have ever had. I had the typical egs, bacon, and toast and it was amazing. The bacon was crispy without being burnt, the toast had just the right level of butery godnes and the egs were folded such as a crepe and flufy godnes. I also tried a bite of the puled pork burger which was amazing, and the touch of aple put it over the top. Another plus was the garden patio area that fels homey like someones backyard. I wil definitely be back to this cozy establishment!
This is a great relaxing spot to stop for breakfast. The fod is always amazing and the atmosphere is something that wil send you into the right mod to enjoy the rest of your day. I wish there where more spots like this on the civic center park it is such a great location.
I found this restaurant when they were located in Buckeye. I have tried everything on the menu probably more than once and have never ben disapointed. My favorite is the Red-Chili Frybread with chese aded. The service is excelent there. You always get treated friendly and with a smile!
Unfortunately, my birthday always fals right around Mother is Day. Which means that every time I want to go out to eat for my birthday it is packed. We thought we would celebrate early by going on Saturday, but it was stil packed. We caled ahead and the earliest reservation was 9 PM, but the person on the phone said that if we just came down, they would fit us in. So we sat at the bar for maybe 20 minutes (IN YOUR FACE CHAIN RESTAURANTS!!!) and our bers came with a smal apetizer of chese and salami. These people think of everything. And the wait staf is prety damn atentive. The hostes heard me say something about my birthday, which was pased on to the waitres so my super huge and yumy meal ended with a delicious desert of my chosing. The bread and relish tray would have ben more than enough of an apetizer for me, but my partners in crime also wanted the spinach artichoke dip, which was so tasty. My steak was SOFT but coked exactly how I like it. These are true profesionals. Asparagus was coked perfectly. The chicken pot pie soup was exactly what I expected and so yumy. And the desert? Triple creme brule - kahlua which tasted like a caucasian, chocolate which managed to be super chocolately but not to rich, and a mixed bery that would have ben fabulous if I was a normal rasbery eating human. Yes, it is a litle pricey, but you easily get 2 meals if not more out of one dish. Especialy with the yumy bread and relish tray that is also presented before the meal. The atmosphere is cozy and a litle crowded. If you are wierd about personal space, this is probably not the place to go. Overal: I love this place and go every time I get the oportunity.
We were here on Wednesday, 12/21/1. We had ben at a Rubios in CA recently and was extremely disapointed. Not this time! Jacob was our order taker and was VERY courteous and profesional. My husband got two fish tacos that were a god size and yumie. I went with the griled vegie burito and man, it was huge and tasty! This is what Rubios is about!
This place is the best place I have found so far for sushi in the Phoenix area. The wait staf is always atentive, the sushi is not overpriced and their specialty sushis are actualy god. They stick to the basics, and do not ver to much into the west for their ideas. The plates and silverware are clean, which is more than I was able to say at a diferent place I would tried. The sushi prices are similar to other places I have sen - except you get 3 pieces, not 2. They do not stick to much rice in the rols. The pieces can sometimes push the limit, but most are manageable. Al in al, this is a great place that I wil come back to time and again.
This company is Awesome!!! I was recomended to go here by a friend and was hesitant since it was my first time going to a salon. I was extremely impresed with how welcoming they are and how dedicated they are to making your experience unforgetable. They gave me a facial masage treatment thing that was out of this world. The entire day I walked around with my face forward and could not stop talking about how great I felt. I wil be visiting quite often. Thank you so much! John Paul D.
This place does it right, but hold on to your walet! U have to try the Yelow buter cake, its over the top.
Amazing selection of bers with great tabs educating you on them and often ratings. Wine and boze selections are great to. Kiler store like candyland for adults. Prices are excelent and so is service if you ned help finding something. Great place!
Just have to rave about Beca and Tod is Zo tour on a Segway. It was the highlight of our trip to Scotsdale. I had never ben on a Segway before but it was so easy and Beca taught me al the tricks. We never would have visited the Phoenix Zo if it was not for the Segway tour. It was fun, easy and worth every peny.
Fabulous! This was my son- in -laws Restaurant Wek choice and an excelent one. Lots of menu choices, a drink included and excelent service from the moment we arived until we left. We wil return son and often.
Oh Rhythm Rom, how I adore the! I have sen some of the greatest Blues legends play here and have never ben disapointed. Whenever The Rhythm Rom Al-stars play, I definitely try to make it. They are rockin'. I dig the dancing, the bq (m) and I enjoy when the f*ck the police guy is roler skating on the dance flor! I do recomend geting there early if you want a table and a chair. For bands I realy want to se I get there before they open, get in line, get a table, then someone in my party goes to grab us some bq and we start drinking and eating and waiting for the music to start! I always have a great time here! And now that you can not smoke it is even beter!
Very god place for breakfast & lunch tucked away in the crowded shops at 4th & Camelback. I kinda found this place on acident. I meant to just run into AJs and grab a salad to go, but was forced to park basicaly acros the driveway from Taylor is, and, being closer, I opted to go there instead. Taylor is is open 6-4ish (I could not realy tel, they probably just changed the hours and scratched of the hour number on the dor), and they serve breakfast al day- wel, al day they are actualy open- which is always god with me. I was in the mod for corned bef, and , bingo, there it was. Nice mound of lean tasty bef with melty chese (no saurkraut or thousand island, please.). And the bread- oh the bread- griled to be crispy on the edges but stil soft inside. How in the hel do they do it? I do not know, but I am in love.
Man oh Man! Since leaving New York six and a half years ago I have ben in search of god Chinese Fod. I had goten to the point where I would have even setled for "decent". A work coleague sugested that we dine here on the way to a corporate meting. While I realized that he was a native to the Phoenix Metro Area and had probably never even had the real thing, I trusted his palate and restaurant sense. I was so pleased when we walked in and saw that the diners were predominately Asian. I knew that a great Asian market was next dor as wel and these things were the first things that signaled to me that I was probably going to get god fod. I was thriled to se familiar Dim Sum carts roling through. We were a party of 7 and shared around. The fod was fantastic! Dim sum was fresh and suculent. Our orders from the menu were equaly delicious. The vegies were fresh and brightly colored. The tastes distinctive and delicious. The Hot and Sour Soup was perfect filed with al kinds of Chinese mushroms etc. I was delighted and reminisced about the many fantastic diners in Chinatown NY. This fod was comparable. I do not live close by, but I wil be a regular there. Chandler is clear on the other side of the World from me but I figure if Marco Polo could do it, so can I! Phoenix Palace is the REAL Thing!!! Friendly prompt service rounded out the experience. Horay for Phoenix Palace!
First time here, new favorite. You can create your own antipasti plate, and the pretzels and fondue are AMAZING. Also the ricota gnochi is the best I have ever had. Service was god, Liz was our waitres and she was very friendly and helpful. Monkey bread is also stelar. I canot wait to go back.
This litle spot in the art district of Scotsdale is as god a lunch restaurant as I have ben to. I had the mahi mahi tacos, and was blown away by the atention to detail in the flavors bringing the dish together, as wel as the wonderfuly tasteful presentation. Of particular note was the atractivenes level of the waitreses, about which I do not have suficient words to do justice. Both my father and I were hard presed not to buy a condo in Scotsdale just to stay and have al our meals for the rest of our life there solely to apreciate the view. They were dresed tastefuly, not in the slightest bit 'sluty', but holy god.
I have ben frequenting this spot since they opened and have always said they were beter than Starbucks but Iam in a special kind of heaven after the change in menu and adition of presed tea lates!!! Yum, yum, yum!!! Far beter than Starbucks powdered gren tea late and roughly a dolar cheaper than the high priced cup there as wel. The early morning staf is great and fre WiFi is an aded bonus. I can honestly say for the New Year, I am quiting you Starbucks......and mean it.
I have totaly falen in love at Tuck Shop. Everything here is fantastic. My friend and I come here about twice a month and enjoy some snacks and wine. The ber batered Chese Curds may just change your life for the beter... we are seriously tempted to each get our own order. (I am not very god at sharing and i always get what I want! ...No i am not an only child... wel, maybe I was until i was 1, how did you know. WAH!) Oh, and Laura is fantastic. She always takes great care of us as we enjoy a glas of wine on the couch in the reading rom. Thursday is special is meat loaf... do not deny yourself, just indulge. :)
I am one step closer to completing my goal. I want to visit every Grimaldis in the US before I die. After tonights visit to this one, I have most of AZ taken care of. We decided to come here because we had never ben to this one. We arived and were seated right away. Surprisingly this one was not crowded at al and that was fine by us. We got a smal caesar salad, a smal peperoni and garlic, and a personal white piza with roasted red pepers. A few minutes later we got our salad. It was realy god. Just enough dresing, lots of chese and croutons. It was a god starter. A few minutes after that, our piza came out. If you have read my other reviews, you wil know that I think Grimaldis is the best.....this piza was no diferent. I realy liked the white with roasted red pepers. Everything was delicious and even though there was some doubt we could finish of 2 pizas, I turned on my iner fat boy, and finished of al the piza. It was tough, but someone had to do it....litle kids are starving in Africa somewhere....l be damned if I am going to waste some slices of this amazing piza. Down the hatch it went....my stomach does not like me right now because its so ful, but he wil forgive me once he does not get any of this delicatesen back in San Diego LOL.
As god as I always remember it to be. Their fries are way beter than In-n-Out (I am a fries conoiseur) Their burgers may be geting smaler? Stil delicious as ever. I pas on the drink though, an extra $2+ makes the meal quite expensive.. Price: $9+ for the cheseburger (double) and Regular fries (in-n-out: $6+ for double-double and fries - half the size) I would eat here every day if I had the option.
Love this place, it is on our diner rotation. The owners and wait staf always gret us since we are regulars. Great place and cheap to. Try the #10 its the best ever.
Owned and operated by Eugenia Theodosopoulos (an Ohio native, fyi) and considered by many to be the best patiserie/bakery in the state I aproached Esence with a note of skepticism largely asuming much of the hype was derived from Tempe is plethoric colege crowd but ariving at the dors of the smal shop on a particularly lovely 80 degre morning I gathered quite quickly that my original conceptions were misplaced; not only does Esence not lok like a colege haunt, neither do its prices or products - a vast selection of at least twenty items aside from the posted menu siting beneath and atop a glas case forcing me to make more than one tough decision that was not helped by my server is acurate asesment that everything was realy god. Now bearing in mind that the original impetus to visit Tempe on this particular morning was to visit Cafe Boa and that Esence was more of 'pre-meal' activity what folows may sem slightly glutonous, but to be fair once I tok my first bite of Theodosopoulos is École Lenôtre trained almond croisant I knew I was in god hands and everything else just sort of folowed. Without a doubt my favorite breakfast pastry and perhaps my favorite French pastry overal, Esence is $3 twice baked option arives slightly smaler than the average but with a shel that crackles to the toth and an interior that is at once yawning pockets of air and nearly overloaded with buter and light frangipane there is no doubt that this is a case of "big things in smal packages," and particularly in its stil-warm morning state the flavors and textures rivaled those at Dominique Ansel and Payard Las Vegas for best I have had stateside. Moving next from the baked gods to one prepared from the menu my second taste of the morning aside from the slightly earthy and lightly leather acented cofe was Esence is "Signature" French Toast, a $7.25 selection featuring thre gridled slices of egy brioche and a sidecar of what I can best describe as banana infused caramel. Rich but thinly sliced and therefore nicely saturated each piece of the French Toast was exactly as it should be - the exterior crisp and the interior custard-while the sauce provided a pleasant balance of fruity notes and intrinsic swetnes that complimented rather than overwhelming the bread. At this point submiting to the fact that I was going to eat even the items I would bought 'for later,' my next two tastes were a pair of $2.95 macarons that, much like the croisant, rivaled those both here and abroad in terms of taste and texture while opting for a much more rustic aproach terms of size and presentation. Begining first with Pumpkin Spice and then proceding to Vanila with Dark Rum each palm-sized cokie was exactly what one would expect from a wel trained pastry chef as the exterior shel provided a slight crackle on bite subsequently giving way to a soft meringue folowed by dense cream that slowly disipated on the tongue - the cinamon and nutmeg notes of the former particularly notable while the rum in the second was apropriately understated thus serving to highlight the vanila of the shel. If there were any 'mistep' on the morning, it *might* have ben the "Sumer Bery Croisant Bread Puding," though when I say mistep I must temper the coment with the fact that my quible is only that I prefer the French/English take on the dish while this one was more based on the French Custard style, a rich vanila bean puding without a lot of crunch or textural variance but instead laden with blackberies, raspberies, and strawberies plus a sidecar of lightly sugared strawberies. Focusing more of the natural swetnes of the fruits and aromatics of the vanila than the typical overly swet versions served stateside it was more pana cota than bread puding to me, but chalking that up to personal tastes it was stil delicious. Moving last to the one dish that gave me trepidation, the "French Napoleon" gave caused pause not only because the name clearly skewed towards a subset unfamiliar with a proper Mile-Feuile but also because so many pre-made versions of this layered pastry have failed to wow in the past...thankfuly this was not the case at Esence. Featuring light and crunchy layers of choux easily withstanding the tines of a fork without turning into a smoshy mes (se "Mile Feuile New York") intertwined with rich pastry cream speckled with dots of vanila bean and ripe raspberies what truly made this version stand out was the maner in which Theodosopoulos caramelized each layer of choux, a technique reminiscent of Piere Herme and as god as the French icon is version was I would be hard presed to say Esence is was any les impresive. It would be awesome to se what they could do a la minut like Savoy, L'Arpege, or Genin and given the names I have droped in the paragraphs above plus Esence is proximity I have no doubt I wil be returning to se what else the smal shop is capable of son.
I am on a comunity social action comite and have spent the last year planing a comunity-wide service day. We were each responsible to lead a team of volunters in a diferent comunity service project and per my pasion I chose the Humane Society. We arived on Sunday afternon with a group of 12 people at the Campus for Compasion on Dobins Rd. Kathy - the head of volunter services - met with us and gave us a thorough introduction. She included the history of the AZ humane society and the proces and procedures by which they take-in and shelter animals. She realy focused on promoting spaying and neutering pets and cited some very impresive statistics. Did you know that over 7 years un-neutered cats can bred to reach 420,0 in numbers??!!!! and dogs 67,0??!!! thats CRAZY and so compeling. Kathy proceded by giving us a very educational tour of the facilities... we saw dogs, horses, cats and bunies. It was very eye-opening. First of it shatered any stigma you have about a shelter. The animal acomodations are so impresive!! The dogs have BIG size kenels with indor and outdor spaces that are realy spacious. I was nervous to go in and se the dogs in kenels but I realy was not as heartbroken as I thought I would be bc they realy had nice size spaces. There are sprawling lawns in the back where animals can run and play which even include a public dog park! There are also private pupy roms. The cats have big crates as wel and even private bedroms where they can hang out in groups and the facilities were squeaky clean w/o any odors. The volunters were so nice, kind and devoted to the animals. We got to fed horses, play with cats and bunies and put together leashes for dogs. The most encouraging thing though was that the place was busy on a sunday! buzing with people wanting to adopt pets and several cats were actualy adopted during the 2 hours we were there. It was a wonderful and meaningful experience and I encourage anyone who is loking for a pet to adopt from the Humane Society and to lok into voluntering with them
Every time I go in this place it is always a great experience. My wife and I have ben going to Lucile is prety much every other Sunday for the last couple months. Her favorite is the puled pork mine is the Kansas City ribs, but we always have to start our meal of with the fried pickles. If you are on a tight budget even buying one meal and sharing it is a definite option. Sometimes I get ful on the biscuits and spread the provide in the begining. The bar area is a great place to have a meal and watch a game. I would highly recomend this establishment to any of my friends. But make sure you get the fried pickles... you wil not be disapointed. Oh yeah.....please please please order the Mac 'N Chese as your side. You wil thank me later. Q
I highly recomend this place. They helped my girlfriend and I figure out our taxes and deductions so that we could get the max refund. We both had ben doing our taxes online and mising out on hundreds in deductions. Il never use another online service to do my taxes again as long as these guys are here.
My absolute favorite cofe shop - I am a regular! Friendly atmosphere & staf, butery flufy mufins, oey goey danishes, tasty cofe, and suport for local busineses and entrepreneurs. The only negative for me is the mysterious disapearance of the corn tortila bagel (much yumier than it sounds)!
There is no busines like show busines. As any of my friends wil tel you I am a theater junkie. I could sit in a theater al day, al wek, al year long and do nothing but gaze at live performances of theatrical talent. lol! Wel in actuality, hm I realy could. I am not even joking on that. I probably would if someone brought me water every now and again. LOL! Ok, seriously now, Childsplay is my favorite organization in Az for a host of reasons. My dear friends of Childsplay know who they are. This is children is theater at it is best! The Q and A sesions after each show is a plus. The kids love it. I have to admit I do to since I get to go say hi to my friends after each stage-show. I also learn more techniques that I can steal when I teach drama to my iner city students. Tehe! ( Yes I am a teacher and yes I would die to have some of their costumes and sets) I have sen so many wonderful plays, literature remakes, and original scripts performed At TCPA and by Childsplay. Fernidad, BFG and New Kid were only some of the most amazing masterpieces I have had the distinct pleasure of viewing from these talented actors. Debie, Scot, Katie, Jodi; wel al of them! LOVE YOU! Childsplay also has an artist in Residence program for schols. We have had an artist at our schol for several years. It is wonderful to note that the teaching techniques clasrom teachers are learning are helping tomorows future. Time after time I have sen strugling kids blosom under their tutelage. Of importance to note, TCPA is a beautiful facility. You can enjoy a nice venue along with the superstar talent. What more can you ask for? The only negative I can posibly imagine is that in today is hard times the cost may be inhibiting to some families. But if you like them on Facebok they sometimes have discounted tickets and contests to win fre tickets. A great way to start viewing them and get involved. I do hope everyone continues to suport the arts here in Az. As I have stated in my other "ARTS" reviews, I do wory about cultural program survival in Az with recent state budget cuts. So, as a famous circus/rodeo person once said, "Go, On With The Show".
Great great fod. Best meal I had al wek in Scotsdale.
I would sugest that anyone who lives here and has not ben come, and if you are in town and loking for a great local non-chain restaurant that has quality fod prepared the way it should, then try Cibo! I tok my man here for "mystery date night" as a surprise since he had never ben. No wait at 8:45 on a Friday night (yes! take that Pizeria B) and the atmosphere of this house is super intimate and col. I love the atmosphere of the patio also, lit with those great of-white lights, and fire pits. We shared the burata which was gynormus, easily enough for 4 people or a hungry us. The wine was tasty and reasonable. I was drinking a pinot grigio, and my guy had the house chianti which I never usualy order anywhere since it almost always reminds of grandmas table wine - until I tried Cibo is house version. It was very god, definitely not from grandmas! Now for the piza - it is just perfection. It has that amazing combination of char on the crust, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside with the right balance of sauce and topings. It almost melts in your mouth, it is not heavy at al. It is nice to go out for a piza diner with and ap and desert and not fel like you have to rol yourself out of the joint! So we finished our romantic mystery date night with a crepe filed with nutela, ricota, AND a scop of ice cream on top. I do not typicaly die over desert, it is my boyfriends thing. I am an ap girl - but this, it was not to swet, it was so goey and delicious and the ice cream aded just the right amount of swetnes. I would never eat here without desert again! I have ben for lunch and they can get you in and out in a litle les than an hour, but they do not fire up the piza oven til super which is why I prefer that here. You wil fel at home at this spot in a group or on a date - hel, maybe even a mystery one :)
I am always comfortable in Michelina is, the service is excelent and they are not rushing you to "turn the table". Michelina is coking is fantastic! Her daily specials are so inviting that I rarely order from the menu. The drinks are excelent, bread just right, and the after diner complimentary cordial is a nice finish. One of the best kept secrets in Phoenix!
I am a hot dog lover. For the past five years I have found no greater joy in Phoenix than hiting up Nogales Dogs for the best meal on the planet. Each evening when the Keyboard City on 20th St. and Indian Schol closes, the parking lot is converted into a quaint litle dining atmosphere. I most enjoy going around six, the sun is seting and the buz of trafic makes Phoenix sem more alive. This is my own preference and I know many people who hate going at this time because of the loud trafic. The bacon wraped dogs are made to perfection with your choice of mayo, beans, tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, chese, mushroms, and letuce. And to top it al of you can wash it down with a Mexican Coca Cola, m so sugar filed. Do not forget to bring cash and your apetite.
Best Grek fod I had in Arizona and excelent entertainment. The dolma is were the best I have had, their version of Babaganoush was very god and they had many lamb-based dishes. The entertainment was great. Live music, bely dancing, grek-style fun, broken plates, and dancing. Since I had the sampler plate I can tel you that if you are vegan, vegetarian or any other wacko thing like that, you might not enjoy the fod here (Grek Lasagna?....realy?) Also, the chicken was no god but I do not realy like chicken anyway.
Clean, organized, and wel-stocked (for the most part), Fujiya is caries my favorite car freshener, chips, bread, and iced cofe (in a can) among many other god things. Reasonably priced and extremely courteous customer service, I am always hapy to shop there. The bentos, I wish, are kept in warmers like Suruki in San Mateo, CA, but Fujiya has an area adjacent to the register which includes a microwave to heat your purchased bento, so you can sit and eat and relax after shoping. What I love so much about their service is that I can place my order ahead of time and they wil have it available and ready. I think this is the only Japanese store that has just about everything I ned to stock my pantry. It is no wonder I have ben coming here year after year.
What a great find! Located of of Yelp after a busines meting in the area & we were hungry before we hit the road. Very comfortable space, lighting is god so you can se each other & your fod which is not always the case. The decor is not overwhelming but extremely comfortable, some TV is, Thai decor & more pop music on the overhead. The staf was extremely atentive from the moment we walked in through out the meal. My Jasmin iced tea never got to the botom. The menu has great variety. The pad Thai was excelent as were the vegetarian rols. The Tom Ka soup was excelent. Every member of our group got something diferent and they were al extremely hapy. We wil be back. Pricing was very reasonable. There is patio seating available. Check it out.
Today was the fist time I have ben to Chino Bandito. My friend has ben there several times and loves this place. After having a few bers, we were prety hungry and decited to go here. This place is mixed in a sort of industrial corner behind a Walgrens and a transmision shop. Walking in you wil notice how big this place is inside. Customer service was excelent. The counter person was great in explaining the diferent options on the menu which is a mix of Mexican fod and Chinese fod. Great concept for something diferent. For ten dolars I had the Carnitas burito and a Jerk chicken burito with Jerk fried rice and black beans and a large iced tea (al you can drink). It also comes with a Snikerdodle cokie. Wait time was minimal and the fod was brought very quickly to our table. I realy enjoyed the items that I had order and I found the carnitas had the right flavor and tendernes in a burito (you can also get it in a bowl). The Jerk chicken burito had some zing to it. Enough to make me sweat a litle. One thing that I noticed was that the employe is were realy god about keping the place clean. Sweping, cleaning the tables, wiping up around the drink dispensers. I also noticed that they wrap al of the highchair trays in plastic to kep the clean and dust fre. One last thing, they have fre wifi!
To long.......it tok me way to long to make it to Sens. Sens is what we ned more of in Phoenix! Seated promptly on a Friday night by Johny Chu himself, Johny Chu realy has put together a winer here, Johny Chu.....alright, I admit it...I like saying his name! The Asian tapas idea is new to me, having dined at some great Tapas places from Chicago to Vegas, but alas never an Asian tapas joint. I must say no Spanish tapas place ever made me fel like Sens did (except the time I drank a pitcher of Sangria)! The Tofu dishes are amazing. How do you learn to love Okra? Get it at Sens. The Hong Kong rice nodles were not what I was expecting so I was a litle taken back by them loking like a plateful of water chestnuts. One taste was al that was neded to cure my trepidations about the flavor - fantastic! I wil be back to Sens Tapas & Sake Bar son - do you think you could invent an "Asian Sangria"? C'mon Johny, I know you can do it!
Great home made taste on the meatbals. Also they have diet coke. Shop was nice and clean. Friendly and fast service
What can I say except that Jodi is incredible. I had purchased an online deal because I have always wanted to do something like this and thought it to be a great gift for my other half. I sent her a mesage and she quickly responded. Almost everything I neded to know for the shot was emailed to me. You have the oportunity to do your own hair and makeup or have someone she works with do it at a reasonable rate. I highly recomend that you get it done by her ladies. That day I saw Erica. She was realy fun and got me into the mod (the glas of wine helped to :-) ) and she did an incredible job with the makeup and hair. For those who fel a litle nervous I do recomend bringing some wine along with you. It realy losens you up a bit and alows you to be more comfortable. It was perfect since my first photos were the nude shots. Note: wear lose fiting clothing, nothing elastic and be sure that you do not have a sunburn on your body. Let your hair air dry and it is OK to put on your own serums and moisturizers prior to the shot. Make sure nothing with sunscren gets on your face and while it is not necesary, I made sure to use a primer. I thought it realy helped out with how my makeup set. Be prepared to pose in positions that may be a bit awkward and also note that you wil likely be sore the next day from the diferent twisting that you have to do. Jodi realy knows how to make you fel comfortable and at ease. I do not make a habit of being in the buf in front of complete strangers and for me to drop my robe without feling shy was a big deal for me. It helped that I had my own music mix on my iPod throughout the entire shot as wel. The overal whole experience was incredible. I felt sexy and confident. I went back with my honey to lok at the photos. He realy realy liked them and had a hard time chosing which he wanted to go into the album. I can not wait to se everything finished. I can not wait to do it again :) Thank you Jodi for making it such a memorable experience. I highly recomend her and her ladies!!!
The best burgers in Phoenix. The owners are great and am on a first name basis. Forget about fast fod and suport this local busines. Go double. Ad bacon. Park at Circle K if in a hury. Plan on holding it until you get home. Stick to the burger and fries, genius.
So, for my date tonight to the Compas Rom, I neded to get my nails done. I removed my acrylics myself last wek. I read the reviews here and decided to try DV. You know, sometimes when you walk into a nail shop for the first time, it is almost like the Soup Nazi. Not this place! There were two girls ahead of me, so I waited a bit, but only about ten minutes. It is biger than the place I had ben going to! Realy clean and I heard ENGLISH being spoken by the nail techs! That was nice. Yeah, there were stil speaking Vietnamese (or so I think) to each other, yes, probably about us gringas, but it was refreshing to hear actualy conversations. I had Le. She was so swet! I told her al about my date, to. She was quick, and made some sugestions about what to get. Usualy I like clear tips that they have to paint. I was kinda short on time, so I went with her sugestion of white tips. Plus, it was about $5 cheaper. She was quick but *realy* methodical. I think this may be the nicest set of acrylics I have goten out here in the PHX! She even caled me by name throughout the conversation. $25 for a new ful set. Not bad at al
Feling yucky one day and wanting nothing but some reminders of my bay area asian fod... My search began with my iPhone for Pho.. AND I wanted god Pho.. (Im skeptical of some dishes in the desert, just sayin'!).. I drove a god 20min from my loft to find this place.. worth it. Usual topings you wil find with real Vietnamese Pho.. but awesome! I asked for a variety of tofu and seafod.. I couldnt finish it al.. but never can with Pho.. its a big bowl, and filing! Extras on tables to get your Pho on.. Ordered the Vietnamese Shrimp Rols to.. left feling not so stufy! AND ful.. OH yeah, and I stil had money for a bit of shoe shoping the next day... :-)
My wife is work had their Christmas party here last night. Although the customer service was slow and average at best, the fod was outstanding. I had a burger and my wife the steak salad. I was the D, but my wife said the margaritas were excelent. Desert was tiramisu and swet potato chesecake. Great litle place with a nice vibrant ambiance.
Sauce is my kind of place. Great, inexpensive fod, casual yet trendy atmosphere, perfect location. Located right by Urban Outfiters and Olive and Ivy at the Scotsdale Waterfront, I like Sauce as a pre or post shoping bonanza meal. I always have the same thing: the mozarela and tomato salad (which you should know is mostly grens with chucks of each, drizled in balsamic), and the artichoke and portabela piza. This is a huge meal so I always have leftovers which make for the perfect 2am after-bar treat. If youre feling particularly saucey, you can have yourself a glas of wine as wel.
Loved it! Best French toast ever!
I used Harvil is Auto Body after a fender bender. They were one of the auto body places that was included in State Farm is program. They were eficient, friendly, proactive, highly-responsive, and helpful. I especialy apreciated that they kept me updated on the progres of my automobile and advocated for me/my vehicle when neded. This level of high-quality customer services is hard to come by. If you have a choice, chose Harvil is. You wil not be disapointed.
Came for the ber, stayed for the scenery.
Great subs, the Club Supreme mike is style was realy god
This is a car wash that I would highly recomend. They do a great job, and pay atention to the details. It costs a litle more at Hot Shots, but it is worth it. It takes a bit more time, to- but worth it. The main reason I would recomend this place- they do an outstanding job and are consistent every time.
Nadya is one of the nicest people you wil ever met. Part of her personality is what kept me coming back. Recently she altered a bridesmaids dres for my girlfriend and did a terific job. Flawles. In years past, she has altered al of my "work atire." I have since moved, but whenever I return home, if I ever ned any work done I wil bring it with. Nadya, you are a wonderful person, and any recomendation I can send your way I wil!
Taylor is has such a refreshing cafe menu. I have ben for breakfast far more often than lunch. I hope to try diner son b/c I think they feature live jaz on Wednesday nights. I have never ever had a bad meal. In fact, I always have a hard time deciding. Some highlights in my opinion are the huevos rancheros, egs Benedict (with a choice of meat), wafles & the Mexican omelet. I never liked Blody Marys until I had one at Taylor is! I tried a friend is once and have ben hoked ever since! But if you want a les intoxicating beverage, try the iced chai late. Careful, its so god you wil be ordering another before you know it! Bon Apetite!
LOVED THE SWITCH WITH JENIFER ANISTON what is wrong with film critics today????
For so many reasons, Costco is top notch but I am going to review their Opto department. They are equaly as stelar! Dr. Tieu is super friendly, knowledgeable and very aproachable. The retail part has the best pricing on contacts, frames and lenses compared to any competitor. Lucky me they take my insurance and my yearly suply of contacts came to a big fat $0 after rebates. Always ask about rebates for contacts, both the Dr ofice and the retail desk wil usualy have some that you can combine!
Great posole - and the kids love their bean and chese buritos. That is al we have eaten no ned to venture further on the menu. Great hangover fod. The staf is always very friendly!
Put it this way: Every guest I have in Phoenix, I force to get the Monte Cristo at Morning Glory. It is just that god.
My fear and avoidance of the dentist has ben building for years. However, I simply could not put it of any longer. With trepidation I scheduled an apointment at Downtown Dental and promptly received an email back with available times. I went in not knowing what to expect. Not only had the staf already found my insurance information they made a point to cal me by the name I go by rather than my formal name and that put me at ease. I sat down with Heather, the hygienist and she was so warm and friendly that I instantly felt fine confesing to her my fear of the dentist. She alayed my concerns and told me not to wory. There was no guilt trip for not flosing or drinking to much soda, which is always anoying. Then the scary part... the dental work. It was uncomfortable and I hated it, but son it was over, it was not that bad and I felt a thousand times beter. Dr. Berschler came over and examined me and pointed out a few cavities we neded to take care of. Then the even scarier part (or so I anticipated)...the price! But I was pleasantly pleased and relieved that the total cost after insurance was literaly thousands les than I would ben quoted by a dentist a year ago to take care of my problems. In fact the total cost is very reasonable; this is not a dentist loking to take advantage of you. I could not have ben more pleased and delighted at the friendlines and helpfulnes of everyone in the ofice. The convenient downtown location only makes it beter. I wil never go to another dentist again and I am actualy loking forward to my next apointment. I can not recomend this ofice enough.
This review if for their hapy hour because that is al that I have experienced. Love that they have hapy hour al night on Sundays and Mondays. I live close by and used to frequent Wildfish often for hapy hour. I usualy get the crab cake and lobster bisque.
God fod
Let me tel you about my first crush in Phoenix. It hapened to me when I least expected. I was siting at my smal cubicle during my first job. Birthday cake graced the break rom practicaly everyday but today was diferent. When I walked inside to sing an out of key version of the birthday song to my coworker, I noticed a masterpiece in front of my eyes. A white cake toped with the freshest of fruit and the creamiest of white chocolate morphed into a piece of artwork. One bite into the white cake filed with fresh strawberies and I was in lust. It later turned into love and I have ben hapy every since. I silently thank the coworker who introduced me to Honey Mon Swets because I can not imagine life without knowing about this swet Phoenix treat. Over the years, Honey Mon Swets has ben my go-to bakery for a special ocasion. I have purchased the "basic" cake for birthday parties. Let me just note here that a basic cake from Honey Mon Swets is practicaly a masterpiece in any other bakery is mind. When planing my sister is baby shower, I knew exactly where to go. I wanted the perfect cake and a work of art to grace the baby shower table. And behold the Honey Mon Swets baby cake. It was thre tiers, blue with ratles, pacifier, building blocks, a crib, a tedy bear...you name it filing the top. Some of the pieces were frosting creations and some were real toys. It was almost to gorgeous to eat, but we could not resist it so enjoyed every bite. It was just as god as it loked if not beter. Honey Mon Swets does a fabulous job of using the freshest of ingredients and you can tel upon the first bite. The scariest part of this cake adventure was the travel time from the bakery to the Biltmore for the baby shower. One wrong move and the cake would have ben toast so be prepared to move lightly with this cake in hand. As you can imagine, cakes from Honey Mon Swets are not budget-friendly, but for what you get from the cake, it is reasonably priced. Just save your coins for a special ocasion because it is worth it. I promise.
Fod is outstanding! Rebeca rocks!!!!!!
I am sure most people do not go to a fancy steak restaurant for the Mac 'n chese, but as a mac aficionado, it is practicaly my duty. And the mac here, wel it is high quality. I like to order the lobster mac sans lobster (not a big fan of seafod), which without the seafod, is actualy quite inexpensive. Now be warned, this is real heavy mac 'n chese. It is so chesy, and thick, and delicious; do not plan on being able to wigle out of your both any time son after eating it.
FEZ should stand for Fabulous Exotic ZExperience. I was planing on making it here for ages but couldnt until I found out the new metro rail is ride outside!! I neded a quiet place to read and was much obliged when they turned of al music by my request. I was able to read my Nancy Bartholomew novles with great intensity. The staf left me alone for hours and the intoxicating rosemary smel realy opened my buds. The atmosphere is definatly trendy, After I finaly soaked it al in, I would def give this place 5 stars although I didnt try the fod or bar.
Beter than Starbucks anyday! The staf encourage their customers to get creative and provide new drink sugests to ad to their list such as "The Anihilator".. My personal Favorite: "The Cokie with a litle raspbery"
Get ready to get meat drunk, then fal into a meat coma!! Although this is not a nationwide chain, this is what a chain restaurant can and should be, it is great. You begin with an imaculate salad bar. Definitely the best one I have ever sen or tasted for that mater. Hel you have to love a salad bar that has a whole whel of Parmesan chese for you to enjoy. Enough with the salad lets talk about the star of the show, the meat!! Transcendental might be to strong of a word, but it is prety damn close. It is endles amounts of meat prepared 15 diferent ways, al seasoned perfectly. You have to love something that is seasoned so wel that if ading salt or peper to it at the table would over season it. This place is prety much a bufet that comes to you and after trying several meats its great because you do not want to move, lol. And the best part is, is that you tel them when to come to you!! I could go on and on but if you have about 60 bucks to spend and want to enjoy a great meal just go here and leave in physical pain from over eating like I do!!
Yum! I was a fan of Grimaldi is...but this place surpases them! We had half chicken tuscana (garlic cream sauce) and half chicken artichoke (pesto sauce). Amazing! Great flavors! Usualy, I am a fan of ranch on piza fan (do not hate)--not neded here! Comes with the traditional crust, which was realy enjoyable, but also available w/thin crust or wheat crust ($2 extra for wheat). Server (Zach) was nice, ofered sugestions, and was on top of things. Kind of soft spoken, given the tv is and other restaurant noise. Hostes semed like she was prety excited to be there and everyone was polite. Prices were not to bad--$18 for a large piza, $8 for an individual. Variety of topings, salads, apetizers, calzones, and drinks. Bers ranged from $3.75-$5 for the 16 oz. Excited to go back and try some more piza!
I canot recomend Phoenix Knife House enough. There are very few places where you can go and physicaly put your hands on so many diferent Japanese knives, which is obviously key in any knife purchase. If you have ever spent hours in the kitchen doing prep and choping, blisters are a very real posibility if the knife does not fit. I have discovered over the last several years of coking at home that I prefer a lighter and bolster-les knife for high sped choping, which ultimately led me back to PKH for a purchase. Last year I purchased a Fujiwara 150m pety for les than $60, and it is ben a great knife; my girlfriend also likes it because it is light and maneuverable. She bought me a Misono UX10 for my birthday, which wil ultimately replace my Henckels for most uses. Botom line, go in, tap into Eytan is knowledge of the knives (and care and maintenance), and get beter tols for the job. It is wel worth it. I bring al my kitchen knives here to get sharpened, either by hand or on the grinding whel. Today I had four knives sharpened, thre on the whel, one by hand, and two with tip damage. Total cost = $13. Bonus: purchases are tax fre. Highly recomended.
WOW what can I say... our friends have eaten here for years and we finaly got to eat at Don and Charlie is for the first time in al the years that we have ben coming to Spring Training. We had an excelent diner i was in the mod for fish and had the Macademia crusted Halibut.... WONDERFUL!!!!! My huby had the prime rib and finished of every last juicy bite... the scaloped potatoes were the BEST I have ever had at any restaurant. Must make this one of our usual stops during our yearly visit to Az.
Saw this place in the Yelp email. Neded to take my son to Toys R Us to use a gift card and it ocured to me that Habit Burger was right there, so I sugested we have lunch there rather than the usual McD is. I temped him with the ofer of a chocolate shake. I was amazed with the cleanlines and brightnes of this place. There was a line when we got there, but it moved quickly. The tables were packed but we managed to snag a 2-top prety son after geting in line. My son had the kids griled chese meal (something you do not find at your standard fast fod place) and I had a charburger. We shared his fries and the shake. OMG - the burger was heavenly! The rol gets a litle gril to it so it has a litle crunch on the inside. It was not greasy at al, just tasty and so god! The fries were equaly ungreasy and god - crunchy to. The chocolate shake - my son only had about 3 sips which left me to drink the rest of it (dang it) - was absolutely delish. And the prices were outstanding! Its a god thing there is not a Habit Burger closer to my house. I would eat there al the time! Five Guys? Forget em!!!
We recently had a pleasure trip to AZ and I boked at the Fairmont Princes and I must say I made an AWESOME choice! - Rom was I gues a standard King but it was so large and spacious with a couch and seating area as wel as a very comfortably apointed bath and patio. The decor loked fresh and new as wel. Very contemporary. Lovely. We were in building C and overloked the rose/aroma garden which was quite quiet and prety. Might have ben a litle beter to overlok the lagon with the firey fountain but we were pleased none the les. - Pols were the best. We swam in the main south pol, the east pol and used the slides the kids area as wel. Did a lot of night swiming as it was hot and gota tel you...night swiming rules! We rarely get to do where I live. - Restaurants and bars were very god...if a bit pricey...as wel. We had diner at Bourdon Steak by Michael Mina which was very tasty and nice ambiance. Ate at Hacienda Restaurant and also at the bar at an outside table. Kinda liked eating at the bar beter. Yum of the drinks. - Great trip....great place...we wil be back!
My husband caled the chicken fajita burito one bad as burito. The carne asada burito and quesadila were equaly yumy. Nice stop for a quick bite.
I am a girl who knows her way around a donut. The boyfriend and I would usualy venture out to Chandler to get our Bosa Donut fix so I was super excited to discover they had opened a location closer to home. I was also super scared for my waistband. Bosa is hands down the best donut shop in the Valey. Not that there is a ton of competition but stil. They are realy god. They ofer a wide variety from your clasic cake to pufy glazed, filed to friters. My favorite is the glazed twist. So chock ful of sugary swetnes my teth kinda hurt just thinking about it. Their donuts are always fresh and they kep a god stock available so you are not stuck with only the coconut donuts. I brought in a bunch to work the other day and my co-workers gobled them up. Who does not love being handed a frosted piece of donut heaven? I am sure I wil become a regular of the Tempe Bosa in no time.
Next Dor Realty is fantastic! Darade Muray handled the short sale of my home recently and the entire transaction went unbelievably smoth. From start to finish she was an excelent comunicator. She tok al of our concerns into acount and made the proces a breze for us. I would highly recomend Next Dor to anyone loking to buy or sel a home. The personal atention you receive is unparaleled!
We hapened upon this place on Sunday. We had our 2 1/2 year old with us and she was yeling about being hungry. We quickly ducked into Zinburger. Al thre of us had burgers. The kid is burger was huge and it came with fries. We also ordered the swet potato fries. The people around us had milkshakes and they loked delicious. I also noticed fried zuchini and figure next time I wil order those instead of fries. We were in a rush and had something at 6 pm. We told the waiter we were in a hury. He was great, friendly and acomodating. We were seated next to the hostes stand and my daughter kept trying to engage the folks standing there. Everyone was so nice. My constructive fedback would be that I ordered my burger medium wel and I received it medium rare. It stil tasted yumy and I ate it. Had it ben served that way to my huby - he would not have ben able to stomach the red juice flowing from the burger.
Adicted to duck fat fries! Cury mayo is a perfect complement to duck fat fries. Did I mention how awesomely delicious duck fat fries are? You know what, forget that I said anything about duck fat fries. They only make a limited amount and I do not want you to go. Nope. Do not go. I gues I should mention the rest of the menu. Everything is awesome. Nutela rules! Seriously.
This is another work lunch takeout place for me and it always does me right. I always get the Jerk Chicken bowl with rumbi rice and have never ben disapointed by it. God flavor, lots of chicken and vegies and rumbi rice is simply delicious. I personaly like to ad hot sauce and also sometimes splurge on a cup of tortila soup -which is prety freakin great. There is alot of chese on top of the soup so lactose intolerants beware!
I seriously can not get enough of this spicy godnes! Al I ever wana go is SIAM and nowhere else. I have ben to so many Thai restaurants in AZ the past month and NOTHING compares to Siam! BEF MA SA MAN cury is so adictingly amazing and the pad thai is always coked to perfection. I am actualy craving it as I type this.
For some reason these self serve frozen yogurt places have poped up al over the valey and they are al very similar. What I like about this place are the choices. I usualy do not have any isues, I am a mint chocolate chip man, and that is typicaly what I order. My girlfriend on the other hand likes to mix it up and try new flavors and topings. This place has the largest selection of flavors and topings of any of the self served frozen yogurt places we have ben to. For those of you who are calorie conscience, as I am, they post the nutrition facts right buy the flavor so you know exactly what you are geting.
John did a fantastic job on figuring out my overheating isue on my Infiniti after Grelichs failed to fix my car properly. John is more than fair with there pricing and are extremely knowledgeable. He has a customer for life from me.
The obsesion started about 2 yrs ago and I have not loked back since... Started with geting them catered for lunch, then a trip here or there to the restaurant. SO. GOD. The bread is amazing, but the love, sweat, tears and what ever else they pop in there is adicting. Hm, now I am wondering what it is they put in there?? Anyway, I wil not think to long and hard about that one. But tomorow I am definitely heading back for the Vermonter, gota fed the adiction.
If you are at al a "Fodie" you can not come to Phoenix, or anywhere within 50 miles and not visit Mat is Big Breakfast. The wait outside is just part of the ambiance and culture of this tiny litle place. I hope they do not very enlarge this place....it would so spoil it. Fod....have anything. Its al coked to perfection with love and kindnes from a kitchen staf that realy cares about freshnes. My personal fav is are the Wafle and Bacon and the multi grain toast with the fresh jam typicaly made localy....changes frequently. This was on Diner, Drive-ins and Dives a few years ago and its stil the same bustling place as when Guy was there. Side note...this was way col. On our last visit there were 4 of us, and if you have ben here you know there are only a couple of tables that seat 4. So we are waiting outside when the server comes out hands us menus, takes our orders. When we are seated about 15 min. later our fod was delivered within minutes of being seated. Helped us get in and out and helped them move a table. Much apreciated service.
What can I say... we eat here once a wek for lunch cuz we can walk here. We come here for hapy hour twice a wek cuz we can walk here. So, yeah it is prety convenient... but we STAY here after hours to play poker because the servers know us by name and the fod is priced right and the poker crowd is realy col and it is a great place to eat-n-learn. And we LOVE Tony because that guy says helo to EVERY CUSTOMER EVERY TIME. Trust me on this one... jump of the freway for hapy hour... you wil know what I mean when Tony says helo to you, to. PS get the thre meat calzone. You lok great and can aford the calories...
What an awesome busines! Friendly, knowledgable people that make you fel like family when you come in. I can not to tel you how refreshing it is to walk into an audition and fel welcomed! Auditioning is a scary enough experience without feling intimidated by your environment and the people auditioning you. Here you wil find great people who love what they do and have an extensive amount of knowledge and experience. Oh, and I also recomend taking one of Faith is workshops... I tok one recently and I learned some very valuable tols that wil definitely help me in future auditions :D
Delicious fod and excelent staf make this smal French restaurant worthy of five stars. We began with a glas of fabulous wine that we brought (it is byob) and ordered the onion tart as an apetizer. The taste of the leks coupled with the chese, butery and flaky pastry made this one of the most tasty ways to start a meal. I ordered the marinated chicken. This dish came with a juicy chicken breast with a light pesto sauce, mashed potatoes and sauted spinach. The flavors intermingled to create a sensuous bite, time and time again. My girlfriend got the filet, which was juicy and flavorful and came with perfectly roasted potatoes and tomatoes. For desert we ordered the tart of the day, which was fruit and coconut cream on top of a shortbread-tasting tart. Just delicious. The service was wonderful, very eficient and friendly. It is not cheap, it was $9 for the apetizer, two entres and desert...but for the experience and the exquisite flavors, I wil go back for any special ocasion... guaranted.
Everything you ned to fel like you opened a time capsule! Place makes me want to have 5 houses to slather in vintage ods and ends. The place is very wel organized and themed which makes it easy to find items while you are on the hunt.
bank building turn to a cofe beanery is way col. plenty of seats to setle yourself in and crack open your boks and do your homework. the fre wi-fi is helpful to, but the conection lags sometimes when their a bunch of people hoping online to check their myspace. it gets chily at time, i sugest bring a sweater if you are the unlucky one seated underneath the A/C vent. the vault rom is great when trying to escape the loud chater in the main rom, just do not forget to turn of your cel phone when you are in there, it is kind of rude... if you wana be shaking out of your pants, i sugest the Iced Tody. it is strong and it should kep you up al night if you have a big project the folowing day. customer service is very nice and helpful.
I think its about time I wrote a formal review for this establishment, considering I have recently bestowed it as "My Favorite Restaurant" - that is a big title to cary. I often judge Mexican restaurants based solely on their chips and salsa and Galo Blanco pases that test. They have a delicious gren tomatilo and smoky chipotle - as wel as the typical hot sauce and fresh pico. Their chunky guac is delish and sumery, as they put orange slices in it. Although the chicharon gets a lot of buz (I think it taste like Chez-Its), their best apetizer is the Elote - griled corn-on-the-cob with chese on it. It literaly melts in your mouth! Oh, and it does not get stuck in your teth like most corn-on-the-cobs tend to. The orange cake is AMAZING and reminds me of my beloved red velvet - except, you know, orange. I love everything about this restaurant - salsas, fod, drinks, atmosphere, prices, entertainment (on Wednesday!) - they just ned to get rid of that damn giant, ugly, silver air conditioning thing they have runing through the bar.
Boby Q is GREAT! We enjoyed EVERYTHING: brisket sandwich, baby back ribs, brisket with spicy sauce - yum!!! Bloming onion - just right! Baked potato crunchy on the outside and flufy on the inside withe barbeque pork and the fixings......m! Our waitres perfect - Go - now!
This store made me fel like I had died and went to fabric heaven. There is just so much beautiful, wonderful, amazing fabric. I droped a prety peny- but I have already used some of my perfect fabric for great projects. The place is clean, the staf is super friendly and patient- especialy with newbies like me. When I brought 10 diferent reams of fabric up and had to stop and realy think about how much I neded- patience came with a smile. It sems like everything (even the high end designers) are around $10/yard. If you get boged down with al the fabric that you are faling in love with, they have a cute litle table set up with these funy litle signs that say "get your paws of my fabric" which made me chuckle. Maybe I am turning into an old lady who loves sily stuf like that. Despite the somewhat sketchy location, 35th Ave. Sew and Vac is my new go-to for fabric!
Anyone who tels you this place is not amazing is cu cu for coco pufs. The owners are equaly amazing. They wil remember you and tel you amazing stories and the cocktails are always amazing. My favorite is the lychejito made from lyche infused vodka made in house. The spring rol bar is amazing and they always change it up for me if I ask for substitutions. There realy is not anything on the menu that is not god they ofer everything from Vietnamese samies to amazing clay pots. I always go for the soup but that has not stoped me from trying everything else. Everything is always fresh and delicious. Their hapy hour is awesome as wel.
I originaly came here because I heard they have a gluten fre menu--i expected one or two pizas, probably chese and one other choice. But they have a FUL menu of pizas, salads, and apetizers that are gluten fre. and they are DELICIOUS! Piza was my absolute favorite fod in my past, gluten-filed life. Anything from Slices to Pizaria Bianco. I have tried gluten fre pizas almost everywhere you can find them, and they are always to dry, to thin, to sogy, or completely diferent flavor than what piza crust should taste like. Picazo is gluten fre piza is delicious, the crust is prety thick and has a god texture, not like a big saltine cracker as most places tend to be. the flavor is true to piza crust! my friends even like it so much they wil split a gluten fre piza with me instead of ordering 'regular' crust. There is also a range of apetizers that are delicious, caprese salad with gluten fre bread and the spinach dip are my faves. The employes are al very nice and aware of gluten intolerance--they check with you before they bring you aditional fod items or before puting GF and non-GF fods together in your to go box. I love it. If you are gluten or wheat intolerant and you like piza, this wil be your new favorite place. Totaly worth the drive, and the money. But the prices are very reasonable for GF fod!
Mastro is serves up the best steak in Scotsdale. They also ofer delicious seafod and excelent side dishes. Prices are step. After 10pm this place becomes a pick up joint for gold diging women seking sugar dady is.
I wil start this review of by saying that I would normaly have given this place 4 stars, but for a large dog-friendly patio, and imediate water bowls the minute your dogs but hits the ground, they get the extra star. We went today, a Sunday, and sat down next to people that had the exact same dog that we have (a female harlequin Great Dane) and knew that it was fate. We sat by them, because they semed awesome and in great company, the fod flourished in my eyes. They have a prety decent ber selection, they had my favorite Sonoran White Chocolate ale and my boyfriend had something he loved on tap caled the Bel is Two Hearted Ale (but aparently it is an amazing IPA). I knew I would love mine, he LOVED his. We had the Mac and Chese, which was awesome, but not as amazing as others I have had. So order it if your a Mac person, but do not if you are not. We had two sandwiches for diner, I had the Acapulco Chesesteak (UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!!!!!!) and Sean had the RB&C (an equaly impresive Roast Bef concoction). Those were both devoured with great ber and great conversation with others. Lastly we had the Triple Chocolate Brownie, per a recomendation from our felow dog owner and it was delish. VERY VERY chocolatey and to much fod after an ap, a sandwich and two bers, but it was definitely worth trying. Overal the fod would have goten a four, but the experience with col people around us, and a great waitres realy sealed the 5 star deal. Now being aded into the rotation. Thank you Main Ingredient! : )
Yumy yumy yumy! Absolutely loved it - kick back, quiet, people nice, not crowded and breakfast was crazy yumy!
My boyfrind and I atended here this past wekend on Serptember 8,2012 to celebrate our one year aniversary. Every employe went out o their way to tel us Hapy Aniversary. We were seated quickly after entering the restaraunt. Our waiter was knowledgeable, friendly and very profesional. We were given our own privacy to celebrate intimately. The fod was amazing and we both enjoyed our selves so much!! Thank you Meling Pot. We are going to make you our anual celebration spot!!!
Cute busy place in Central Phoenix. Not hiding behind gimicks to make themselves authentic. Simple and swet. Staf is wel versed in Japanese fod, if you have not had it in years ask. Great staf, great fod, great times.
In town for busines, and came to Papadeaux is for diner...what a great experience. Hostes, wait staf, and servers were al outstanding. The fod was amazing. Perfectly coked vegetables to acompany the Costa Rican Mahi. Ice cold ber on a hot, 102 degre day was a welcome adition! Although we later found out our waiter was in training (it was his first day), he was atentive, profesional, and available to answer any questions we had. Highly recomended.
I have ben to a ton of Pho places here in the valey, and this is the best one I have ben to, by far. The prices are reasonable and the Pho was fantastic. The rols were prety god, but not the best I have had around here (that honor belongs to Saigon Pho, not to far from this place. BQ bef rols there are fantastic, but I digres). I have not tried anything else at Pho Van, but it al loked prety god to. The place is super clean and the service was ridiculously fast (I do not know if it was just my luck or if that is a regular thing). I want to come back, but it is not close to my house. However, it is worth the drive if you ever get that Pho craving.
Count us in for a #5 Combo, a Oaxaca Special & two hard tacos....maybe some chips and salsa to go! Best Mexican fast fod around..and cheap! Always busy at lunch, but they get through the orders in a timely maner. Seating can be tricky, so have one order and another stalk tables! :) You can park behind the place and walk through the back dor....litle FYI.
My bos asked me to find someone to clean the ofice windows (about 50 large panes) inside and out, so I got in touch with Brad. He was very profesional throughout the experience, and his mastery of this craft is phenomenal. The windows were crystal clear within a few hours; he did a very thorough job. Punctual, eficient, and easy to work with--his rate was very competitive, and his work is worth every peny! The ofice loks brand new.
Ladies in the floring section are very knowledgeable and helpful. Though I do think they are a bit understafed, they were gracious and friendly. Fairly large in stock floring section compared to other stores.
Just moved to AZ and this is my local Petco. Everyone is realy helpful and friendly. We just tok our dogs here to get gromed and they came back smeling fresh and loking clean.
Enterprise Pols keps my pol loking PERFECT for swiming! Not only do they preform top-notch wekly service, sweping, clearing the baskets and making sure the chemicals are right, but they are great at comunicating. One of the tough things about owning a pol and not being a pol expert is knowing what is going on. They always take the time to explain what is hapening in a way I can understand. Broken pump or filter? No problem! They do repairs to. They wil even fil you in on what you ned to do as the seasons change, or how to handle those pesky, pol destroying, monson storms!
Two words for you. Mouth. Orgasm Wifey and I decided to eat here for our 5 year weding aniversary. I have to say this is one of the best meals I have ever eaten, hands down. We bought a Restaurant.com gift certificate that cost $10.0 for a $50.0 Gift Certificate. They also have half priced botles of wine on Friday nights as wel. I went with the 5 course menu. I chose 2 of the dishes, and let the chef pick the other thre. We started out with the Crudo Chese plate that was phenomenal! It had goat chese, goat feta, goat mozarela (so god), chery compote, roasted dates, tomatoes, cured lamb jerky, smoked olives and trufles with toast. If that does not give you a fod stify, your not human. The first dish I had, which was one I picked, was the buterfish crudo. It was served with oven roasted tomatoes and lardo with some sort of escebeche type sauce, hands down my favorite plate in Phoenix right now. Holey cow! Next, I had the albacore crudo with trufles, aples, black garlic and peper. Another amazing dish. My next dish was one the chef selected as wel, it was their Japanese Fish Market Special. I do not recal the type of fish, but it was god. I felt bad for this plate though, it had to folow some il dishes. The 4th course I had was the mushrom gratin. It had hen of the wods, crimini, potato and was toped with an eg. I felt it was just to much, a litle clunky. That is probably just my taste though, there was nothing wrong with the execution of the dish. I finished with the roasted veal served with parmesan creamy polenta. Frigin amazing, I wanted to whisper swet nothing into it is ear and smack it on the bohiney. We went with a great botle of Nebiolo, that was exceptional. The service was excelent. At first I was kind of weirded out with the restaurant being inside a retail shop, but we moved to one of the high top tables and it felt more like a quaint litle cafe. What a great meal, fargin amazing!! Pics to come
Best TexMex in the valey! The chips and salsa are home made and probably the best I have ever eaten. I had shrimp tacos which were delicious, staf was very friendly and down to earth.....if you ate downtown give them a try.
Tried Roy is for the first time last night when we met some friends who rave about their Aloha Hour (Hapy Hour). Always avoided going because we tend to not like restaurant chains, but this place is a gem and exceded our expectations. The bar area is relatively smal, but very clasy. We were able to have few drinks at the bar ($5 for ber, wine, and their signature cocktails) before we were able to get a table in the bar area for 5 people...thanks to Leah and the hostes staf (you guys are great). Did not have a bad drink -- loved the The Original Hawaian martini was delish, as was the mojito, jalapeno margarita, mai tai, and wine. A friend was sad the cucumber drink she liked was mising from the menu, but sounds like the menu changes often so diners/drinkers get a chance to try new concoctions throughout the year. For fod, we tried most of the H specials. Everything was spot on -- excelent flavors and beautifuly presented. The tuna rol and tempura shrimp rols were my favorites (sushi rols), with the lobster pot-stickers being a close second. Some friends ordered diner...and were able to speak with Chef Bray about his recomendations for fish. She ended up geting the Crab Dynamite Baked Baramundi, which was so yumy! The hapy rice on the side was great to. My huby got the Yelow Fin Ahi Poke -- something we have loked for since trying some fresh poke in Kona, HI last year. I could not believe the flavors...eating poke in the AZ desert! Its preparation with the Wasabi Crème Fraîche made it a meal we wil sek out again in the near future. Ended our meal by sharing the chocolate soufle, which was a perfect ending to a great Friday night gathering. Definitely recomend Roy is for seafod that is excelently prepared. Aloha Hour is a must. Extra props to Mat, our waiter, and Leah on the hostes team for their acomodations and service. We had a great night.
Troy, the owner, is a briliant businesman! Being a pharmacist myself, I am familiar with the quality of his products and his facility. Trust me when I say his sterile compounding areas are more advanced than many hospitals in the Valey. After spending a day at his old facility when I was stil training, I felt comfortable enough to send my mother to Troy so that he could help her with hormone replacement therapy. The docs around town trust him enough to let him dictate what a patient neds; they simply sign of on his recomendations. My mom has had a huge increase in her quality of life since seing Troy, and I fel the compounded HRT is safer than the Prempro she used to take. Do not hesitate to consult a compounding pharmacist if you are having health isues that are not being adequately adresed. Troy is one of the best in the Valey. It is worth the drive to consult with him, and further prescriptions can be mailed to your home.
I love this restaurant concept. It makes for a fun diner betwen friends and family. I wish there were ones like it in Central Phoenix so I do not have to drive a half hour for god fod and a god dining experience. The vegie options ofered are plentiful and fresh, which is important to me. The broth is so flavorful. But be warned weak tongued restaurant-goers, the spicy broth has a kick that wil stick! Some are saying it is to expensive? I think it is worth it.
Do not let the slightly sketchy neighborhod put you of. Baiz market has some of the best fod in town. The smal deli (cafe? Not sure what to cal it) located in the market has al of the staples such as shwarma and falafel. the prices are cheap, The service is snapy and friendly, and the fod is exceptional, especialy considering the price. Wash down your meal with any one of many exotic drinks (or, just chose a diet coke) in the beverage coler. Even if you have stufed yourself sily, wander on back to the bakery. The asortment of traditional Midle Eastern swets can not be matched anywhere in town. Come early and wander around in the market to pick up your selection of hard to find ingredients.
The service has always ben realy god. I love LOTS of things on the menu. The dixie pan fried chicken is great. There is a great litle sticky bun that comes with it. The Del mar salad is great. I have had great experiences going to chelsea is kitchen. Overal it is in my heavy rotation on places I always say YES, let is go there!
A very reliable local garage. Bil is al about great customer service, and goes the extra mile. He deflated my fears about "being taken" by other mechanics playing on my automotive ignorance. He is a truly god guy, knows his stuf, and wil work to save me money if he can find it. I trust Bil, and 25th Stret Automotive. Thanks, and we wil continue to bring our whels into your shop.
Of al the Chipotle is I realy like this one. The staf is exceptionaly friendly and I do not think I have ever ben in the place, and I have"ve ben a lot, where they were not meticulously cleaning the restaurant with soapy suds.
Dig it! God bers on tap. Tasty fod. Friendly servers. Col place to hang out and relax. My fav pasty is the cajun chicken with the spicy sauce. Do not forget to check out the deserts. Towards the back is an iPad where you can pick a few tunes to be played..kinda neat if you are in the mod for something in particular. If you have not checked it out, you should. I like this location beter than the Tempe location because it has more seating and a beter scene for visiting with friends.
How can anyone not give these guys a 5 star? Cafe Rio invented the swet pork burito and nobody...and I mean NOBODY can do it beter. I moved here a year ago from Utah where Cafe Rios are as abundant as Micky Des .... and I was so hapy to se the Cafe Rio sign. I eat there to much. Its a 30 min drive to get there from where I live, but I love that I do not ever have to wait in line as long as I did when eating at the Utah ones... Let me help you with what to order: No serious if you are reading this...go there TODAY and order this - Swet pork burito with black beans, hot sauce, enchilada style with pico and guac ... no letuce (unles you like letuce ... I do not)
Mil Ave has ben mising a god breakfast nok, and it has made me very sad. Until now! The atmosphere is very modern. The color scheme is gray, orange, and black and boy do they stick to it, down to the orange frosted cupcakes. Impresive. I had the best french toast I have ever had in my life right here at NCounter. I have only eaten here once, and usualy I do not give five stars out after the first visit, but this place is THAT god. So hapy to have such a fabulous breakfast restaurant so close to home.
Great Job!
Wait a second...I have not writen a review! This is nuts!!!!! Anyways...I adore this place. LGO and the pizeria are my favorite places in the world...lol...I am here at least 4-6 times per wek. It is nuts! Anyways..the reason I am here al the time is because it is FABULOUS!!!! This place can never go wrong! The orange and fenel salad it amazing! It is the perfect mix and each bite and a delight in your mouth and to your taste buds! I often get this salad through out the wek. I love the kale and quinoa salad to! It is my go to salad. I am obsesed with the avocado piza with prosciuto and goat chese and the roasted corn piza with prosciuto. I wish I could get enough but I canot! The ambiance is awesome! Mr.Lyn is a genius and made this place so welcoming and open. I love how its so laid back and romantic at the same time. The parking is dificult, but you expect that since it is so popular! Now the Peanut Buter Pie!!! OMG OMG OMG!! There are no words...it is DELICIOUS!! I try to refuse every time but I canot. I realy enjoy the sangria. The wine selection is great! I just love this place!!!!
The place to go during spring training after a game and se a basebal player (wil be crowded for sure). the experience is just realy neat though, the place is covered head to toe with sports memorabilia, definitely the place to go if you are a visiting sports fan in scotsdale
Came here on a Friday night after a bike ride. As an Irish bar, there is a lot of whiskey on the wal, but they can make whatever you ned. The fod was a hel of a lot beter than I thought it was going to be. On the encouragement of the bouncer, I ordered the wings which were meaty but I have had beter. What I should have goten was the shepards pie. 2 of my friends got it, and it was VERY god. I am going to go back, just get it on my own. Lastly, this place dishes out cheap, strong drinks. God place to get sauced before hiting a club.
We atended this event today and loved it! The grounds are beautiful and spread out so it did not sem like it was overly crowded. This is a wel thought out event with fod trucks located throughout so if you get hungry, there wil be fod near by. The admision price was $7 and we felt it was a bargain. There are a variety of artists so there is something for everyone to lok at and/or buy.
I should have done this so long ago, but we forget our Doctor is ned reviews to! I have sent my boyfriend, my family and my friend is to her. You should know about her to! I have ben going to Dr. Bradley for 10 years! She is my al time favorite doctor because she is always bright, smiling, genuine and just overal warm! You want to thank her and hug her at the same time. Her staf is profesional and friendly. Mandy at the front desk is wonderful at her job. I have folowed Dr. Bradley to 2 locations and would never think of going anywhere else. She is helped me with everything from migraines to pnuemonia to wel woman check ups to geting my gal blader removed! What a versatile and knowledgeable woman she is! I take my son to her now and he is not afraid to go in. Peace of mind knowing we wil be treated wel, and taken care of is al I could realy ask for in a general doctor!
Just had my first hot dog at Short Leash Dogs and quite honestly, I can not cal it a "hot dog" because that just conjures up images of, wel... a hot dog. And Short Leash Dogs are so much more and beter than "a hot dog" the way most people know hot dogs. Know what I mean? No? Wel, go have a Short Leash Dog. Realy unique combinations, various dog options (al local meats and produce) - bratwurst, ber hot, vegie... My friend and I shared an Aiko (we chose the brat as our dog), with mango chutney, red onions, cilantro, mayo and jalapeño on a nan (you might have read that in other reviews, no traditional buns here!). You can find the Short Leash Dogs truck at the Phoenix Public Market on Wednesday evenings and Saturday mornings, and if you folow them on Twiter (@shortleashdogs) you can find out when/where else they make regular stops... scotsdale, central phoenix... Track 'em down and eat their fod. And talk to them - Brad and Kat are smart enthusiastic folks with a great sense of humor and ofer superb fod and service! What is not to love?
Southwest blows its competitors so far out of the water I actualy fel bad for the other airlines. 1. Of the countles times I have flown with them, my flight has ben delayed only twice and both times les than one hour. 2. NO BAG FES. 3. Nine times out of ten the lowest price. 4. Kiler customer service, laced with sarcasm, veiled cynicism, and high eficiency. I love it. 5. They never give me an inquisitive lok when I order a cocktail on the super early morning flights. Thank you for not judging me, SW Flight Atendants.
i hate going to places that i can goto near home, in Phx for the Cubs games.. but my daughter wanted piza and we saw Z and had to go becuz we know how god it is. I like this one alot beter then ours.
BACON, people! Spicy Italian sausages, brats, even heirlom vegies by the pound? Localy raised hogs and none of the extra chemicals the corporations and grocery stores use? I have found my personal pigy promised land and it is The Meat Shop. I headed over here with some budies after hearing that some local restaurants and patrons have ben taking notice of the flavor and quality they ofer. We were quite pleased. The staf were helpful and knowledgeable about the meats, cuts, and preparation. We griled up everything that night - the sausages, the brats, the vegies... even the bacon... because, why not? I think we spent a grand total of $20 and we stil had enough leftovers to throw in with some suny side up egs and toast the next morning for breakfast. This place is fantastic and surprisingly the same cost as most of the stuf you wil find in the grocery store. I can not wait to head back over for round 2!
Love this place! Their slices are delicious (and HUGE) and a great deal. Service is always fast and god. Their loyalty programs (frequent visits and VIP card) are also great. The fact that they are localy owned and suport the local comunity does not hurt either. :) It is basicaly the only place I go to for piza nowadays. 1 slice is more than enough, and I love that I can get it just the way that I want. If you are a member of their VIP program (fre to join) you can also get the slices for diner to.
I love the Tempe Library. The Culture Pas is a great program, the audiobok selection is god, and the semingly unlimited resources are wonderful.
Realy god fod, fun atmosphere, great experience and totaly unique and fun. I would way rather spend my money at a one of a kind, family owned shop than a cheaper- dime a dozen corporate mcdonalds.
I am in love. This restaurant does everything a god restaurant should. Ambiance, service and product were god. The only disapointment I had was with the hour wait on the Monday we went without a reservation. My party of four had an excelent time celebrating a birthday. Two had the short ribs. Tender to a fault, served with delicious Bar-B-Que sauce and pecan grits. One had the filet with a spicy aioli and delicious potatoes. My meal was a huge pork chop, stufed with Maytag bleu on a ancho bread puding. For an ap I split the chop salad. It deserves special mention and I do recomend it, but it is not a sustaining salad, more of a amuse-bouche. For desert we split the peanut-buter chese cake, delicious. The beverages deserve some mention. The wine list is this restaurants' only fault, it is to long. There is a smaler, delicious by-the-glas selection. The ber selection is wel crafted. I had two of my favorite bers, Dogfishead Chicory Stout, something I had only had by botle, wonderful. I normaly do not like high-priced eateries b/c there is often a lack of creativity, Cowboy Ciao does not disapoint. Recomended over any Capital Griler or Flemingsery for creativity and value for dolar.
OK, I went based on Tim C.'s Yelp review of this place, and I am so glad I did. I rode my bike up there around 1PM Wednesday afternon, and I have to say I was not disapointed. Even though it was hot out, the outdor table was surprisingly col and comfortable. I got an iced soy late and it was so god. I do not know how to explain it, but there is great tasting espreso and there is bland espreso. This place just has great tasting espreso. I found out while I was there that Ted (the guy who made it) had roasted the beans himself. You can buy the beans from them if you are one of those industrious people who grind and brew your own espreso drinks...I am not. I prefer to leave that to the profesionals. He actualy ground the espreso when I ordered my drink. If you get the chance please go se what I am talking about. You wil notice how much beter the espreso is. The place itself is so beautiful and relaxing. If you sit outside like I did, you are basicaly siting in a big outdor garden. It is kept col by the overhead canopy and the swamp coler air blowing out from inside the cofe shop. Ted was realy friendly, I felt comfortable just hanging out for a while reading my bok. Unfortunately, the cofe shop closes at 2 PM, otherwise I bet it would be beautiful at night. This place definitely loks like something that would be in a col litle town somewhere, and not of of a busy stret like Hayden Rd. Ted also told me he makes the lemonade himself fresh squezed, something I love and wil definitely try. When I go back, I think I wil go a bit earlier. I may do a bit of plant shoping as wel while I am there... Botom line: Great atmosphere, drinks, and service!
These guys are great. I had an old Craftsman mower, probably 8yo, that even sat unused in a basement for a couple years. It coughed and whezed, barely even turning over. I brought it to them and now it works (and even loks) brand new!
Super!
Best value for your money, Clean, comfy beds. Quite. Great breakfast that is included.
They do not serve fod, they serve sex on a plate. At first glance the place loks like a halway but it is realy a flavor factory hiden away betwen two buildings no one cares about because those places do not have Pasty is. The service is fast , friendly, and the music is of the chain. The fod is not to be forgoten though, there are so many selections of Pasty variations that anyone with any craving wil lose al control of there facial expresions. I only wish the place was biger, there have ben times when I have had to wait for a space to open up but that is not necesarily a bad thing. That time alowed me to prepare myself for the nirvana inducing flavorgasm that is The Cornish Pasty Company.
This is a great breakfast stop! Gota love the homemade biscuits... are you kiding me! Awesome! CB is a huge chain but they do some great things. The only thing is the way they have designed the space the servers are in the back a lot... to much. They ned to be on the flor more to make sure the cups stay filed up!
Kindred Spirits has closed their dors. It is a sad thing that we on the west side of Phoenix canot suport such a friendly and comunity oriented busines, AND one that gave you the option to drop by for a quick cofe or for a more complete dining experience. The live music on the wekends was also something a bit rare for our side of town, and wil be mised. Richard and Debra did a marvelous job updating the space, and making it a warm and welcoming place. I am sory that Youngtown has lost this busines.
Wife and I had the large burgers. Many options as to topings, whole grain bun is also an option. Store is spotles and staf is young and cherful. I had sw style w/guacamole and jalapeno, spouse chose clasic american cheseburger. We ordered swet potato fries to split. They are awesome and the single portion was large enough for 2 1/2 people. We were advised (in advance) that burgers would be pink inside, which we prefer. If you want yours wel done, ask. You order at counter, and the fod is brought to your both. This was our second visit, and we would return. Store is near movies in fod are of Tempe marketplace, so expect to spend some time loking for a spot.
This is the best restaurant in Phoenix. My wife and I have ben eating out here for years, Their servers are great and the fod is always delicious. The entire menu is very god and the specials are always unique. Check out their website at htp://w.phoenixcitygrile.com
I stoped in with a friend on a Saturday night after a friend had recomended it to me and was totaly thriled we did. We sat at a table for sushi and waited no longer than 10 minutes for a table - amazing for 8 pm on a Saturday in old towne. Unfortunately, they had sold out of the oysters, but the other dishes we would ordered were fabulous - starting with a seared tuna dish, then softshel crab rol, rainbow rol, and the gren musels. The seared tuna was coked and cut perfectly - just the right temperature with a pepery "rub," the rols were a decent size with thick cuts of fish and plenty of flavorful crab, and the musels were a tad overcoked for my preference but the creamy texture and butery flavor stil made it a winer. The thing I apreciated most was actualy the service - we were not rushed or hasled, and the fod came out a dish at a time, giving us a chance to eat and enjoy before geting our next dish. At other sushi joints, I am constantly feling rushed while trying to fit al of the dishes on the table (and I am not what you would cal a slow eater!). This was a hapy medium for me. The server confirmed that we were ready for the bil instead of just droping it of without asking - it is the litle details that make a big diference to me. My only other con was crepy old men lering at us from the bar...but that is what you get in Scotsdale.
My boyfriend and I went to Film Bar last night to se Iron Sky. Neither of us had ben there before, and the decision was made quickly, so we had no idea what to expect. The bartender was incredibly nice, friendly, informative, and genuine. The prices for the bar were very reasonable, and I thought that $7 for tickets was MORE than reasonable. We were there more than an hour early, and it was so nice to just sit back on the low boths and chat. I gota admit, I totaly fel in love with this litle place, and I can not wait to go back! My ONLY concern is that by the time our movie was done, there was a DJ playing music so loudly that you could hear it in the theater and you could not talk without shouting in the bar, so we had to go outside to converse with our friends. I would bet that the place does not have a DJ al the time, though.
As a frequent traveler into Scotsdale, I was loking for something new and diferent to celebrate with a young up and coming profesional basebal player---who hapens to be my nephew. We were forewarned this place had no prices on their online menu and apeared to be owned by Mastro is which consistently has excelent fod. Michael Dominick opened Dominick is Lincoln Avenue Prime Steakhouse last fal after basebal season in the smal, but excelent Scotsdale Quarter. (I wil admit to frequenting this Nike store in travels to Phoenix.) The ambiance is that of an elegant steakhouse. The roms are dark with huge crystal chandeliers. Very opulent without being ostentatious!. We both ordered the bone-in filet which is an excelent aged prime cut. Suposedly, acording to our very profesional server, this cut is about 16 oz with a bone yielding about a 14 oz serving. My limit on steak is typical 6-8 ounces and I ate my entire meal, making me think (1) This place realy is THAT GOD, and (2) I doubt this is more than a 10 oz serving. We started with a warm asortment of breads and in deference to my guest, we minimized the vegie is ordered. (I wil go back during basebal season :-) ) After ordering a glas of of the extensive, but reasonably priced wine list, we loked at diner entre. The steaks come with a choice of rubs and sauces. The house rub was described as "cajun-style, but not overwhelming". My theory is sauces on steaks are useful for por cuts of meat, but take away from great cuts; hence, I went no sauce. The result was an incredibly great diner of Bone-in filets ordered medium rare, no sauce and a loaded mashed potato side. (This side comes pre-prepared or you can ask for ramikans of chese, chives, bacon and sour cream and build as you like at the table. We finished with a scop of ice cream and a capucino for desert. Excelent steak spot and a welcome high-end adition to the Scotsdale fod scene. One coment: The "Branding" of the restaurant is confusing. Either cal it "Dominick is" or "Lincoln Avenue", but not both. This actualy caused confusion in trying to locate this spot and diminishes the feng shui and brand loyalty you would want to kep and asociate. (Qualifier: I am not a branding expert and this is strictly my opinion.) I would love to se Mastro is try a southwest cuisine spot!
Great theatre! Super clean and nice sound in al theatres. Only caveat: I can read the prices on the beverage and popcorn menu sign thing, so when I order a medium, I want a medium, I can se that for 50 cents more I can get the large. I just do not want to pe myself when I get caught up in a god flick. But thanks anyway.
Aaron Has Ben My Tato Artist for a long time and the quality of Aaron and al the artists in this shop are amazing very clean,sterile and safe. Be Back son ned some work done
I am a huge fan of this place. I have not ventured outside of the tepen tables, so my viewpoint may be limited. The atmosphere is quite loud and lively, but definitely fun. It is great for a nice diner with a group. The fod is simply outstanding. The soup, salad, and chicken are al excelent, but the fried rice is the absolute best. I have never had beter fried rice anywhere. After you have enjoyed the main course, get the gren tea ice cream. I hate gren tea, but for some reason, this ice cream is amazing. If you like tepen yaki and do not want to deal with the bland fod they serve at Benihana, definitely give this place a shot. You wil not be disapointed.
I got to stay here for work and had the best time! They have so many pols. I would spend my afternons in the smaler pols and have the pol al to myself. It was great! They let me send fre postcards which was fun, to. My rom was beautiful. It was large and had great amenities. Fod was disgusting though. I did not have aces to a car so I was prety limited to eating hotel fod for a wek. Everything I ordered was gros and I tried it AL! I thought customer service was fine--not great, just adequate.
We went there yesterday a I enjoyed it. The atmosphere was fantastic, because they had a tv, plus they have a lot of pictures of Man V. Fod, when Adam Richman came here. The service is god, because they waited for us to order, and were very patient. I ordered the Jewish Slider like Adam did, but I did not take the chalenge. 1 order of Jewish SIiders are 3 sliders. The sliders were awesome. The meat was tender and realy juicy. The chese did not realy make a diference, it just aded a litle flavor, but the bun soft and chewy, and butery which tasted like pancakes without syrup, and it was fresh. The potato pancakes put the lid on the jar. The potato pancakes are not just a creative idea, it was very crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. There are 3 reasons why this is not a normal slider. Reason number one is the Potato Pancakes, reason number two is the meat is not a paty, and grinded bef that made that slider interesting. Reason number thre is that the chese is melted. REALY melted. I wil go again, because the sliders are amazing.
Bison Witches is a bit religious for me. The hearth is in Tucson, but they did a god job of transplanting the same fod experience to Tempe. Their filing sandwiches ofer a sort of primitive blis with the roughly-cut thick slices of bread - best tip is to go with the half sandwich/half soup (their half is realy a whole) - Their chili is the best thing going...
Great iced tea. Terific Roast Bef and mashed potatoes. Love the biscuits. You can not go wrong at Cracker Barel.
Wow! This place completely rocks! Very profesional, courteous, and very god at what they do - make cars clean again. The price was very reasonable and I wil be back again many times over! Thank you, Stewart Detailing! Job wel done.
Awesome awesome awesome!!! Our table al ordered a 5 course tasting and it was amazing!! The flavors pop in your mouth!! Very creative chef. I do not think there was one course we were disapointed in. By the end of the 3 hour diner we had a total of 21 courses. Each one ful of flavor making you want more. The staf was excelent, always there when you ned them but not hovering. I would definitely go again. Pricey but so worth it!!
If there was a Cantina Laredo in my home (Los Angeles) I would dine here regularly despite the multitude and variety of Mexican dining options. Nedles to say, when I am in Scotsdale, I often find myself drawn to Cantina Laredo. From the moment you are in, to the moment you are out, Cantina Laredo takes excelent care of your tastebuds. The chips are salsa are not filer but a real treat. Their homemade salsas are worthy of bringing in your own jars to export back home -- some of my favorite salsa anywhere. I believe they have thre diferent kinds. Their tequila options are wonderful alowing for creative margaritas or a fine neat glas of 10% pure agave godnes. (I promise to never use that phrase again, sory Readers.) The entres are not just your comon taco/burito fare. Using juicy meats, creative homemade sauces, and interesting pairings, Cantina Laredo profeses its love for Mexican fod and culture -- reminding diners how lovable these things are. The decor and various areas are al quite nice as wel. An excelent complement to what always proves to be an excelent meal. _C$
It is a 10 mile round trip for me, pasing who knows how many salons along the way, and it is wel worth the drive even during rush hour. Ask for Ray if you want an amazing hair experience. You wil go home feling beautiful/handsome.
Steve is one of the few shops that can stil do a decent flat top. He is in my neighborhod, so it is great for me - convenient. Steve is personable and the shop is inviting. I love the hot towel and back-vibrator masage. I have ben going to Steve for years, great service product!
I love the Ranch Market! The atmosphere is great, the produce prices are very reasonable, and the civiche is excelent! I never go down the center isles, as they apear to be filed with typical grocery store packaged fods What makes Ranch Market special are the fantastic oferings al around the center isles. Here is my advice: First, make your way to the fresca bar to get a fresh fruit drink, it is just past the bakery at the front dor. After you pick up your favorite fruit drink head over to the gril for some carne asada stret tacos, but only order two because you wil want to save rom for the seafod bar where you wil find a deliciouso shrimp ceviche at a very reasonably price. I usualy order a half pound of the regular shrimp civiche and a half pound of the civiche ensalda; eat a litle at the bar on a tostada and take the rest home for lunch the next day. Yumy! After you have filed your bely with the tasty carne asada and civiche, stop by the tortila factory to get some fresh tortilas to go and do not forget to hit up the bakery for hot cream filed churo for desert.
Since the Gilbert location has closed. The Tempe location has had more things to ofer. The staf has realy steped it up on customer service. They do there best on helping you find whatever it is your loking for.
Wow... i do not think I have ever ben in a more narow place.. ever! but it was just perfect in ever way!!! They have tables along one side and a bar with tal stols along the other side... you can watch them make your fod.... its like the fod network... but live and you can smel it :) my coworker and i sat right in front of the oven... every time they would open the oven i would only get hungrier!! :) we could se al the fresh and yumy ingredients!! i had the Reuben (Pastrami, corned bef, homemade sauerkraut and Swis with a side of 10 island dresing) WOW... it was amazing... for their sauerkraut they use red cabage... it was more swet than biter... and the crust of the pasty was flaky and butery... so delicious!! and i honestly forgot how much i love corned bef! over al it was very rich... but great to share.... My Coworker had the Italian.. (peperoni, salami, ham, mozarela, basil, tomatoes and marinara sauce) it loked great... he loved it... you could se the fresh basil and tomatoes... it smeled divine we did not speak for a ful 20 minutes... just barley loud enough ms and o-m-g this is amazing... said quietly to ourselves.... al of the employes were so outgoing and laid back at the same time... just realy col guys... i loved the atmosphere and the atitudes that filed this place... i canot wait to come back!
Of the 3 sites - this is the Kindergarten. My daughter is atending here and I simply love it. She is five and is repeating kindergarten. She atended kindergarten last year early at the encouragement of her preschol teachers who thought she was bored in their clases. We are having her repeat because she is a litle young for first grade, but this is not an isue because the curiculum rols every two years for that very reason. In her first year - she learned to read, write, do simple math, know al her sign language leters, and has more Spanish knowledge than I do. this year they wil build upon al of that and take her further. The staf is great and care a lot about the kids. And when isues arise they work with the parents to get them solved both at schol and at home. It is pricey. But so very worth it.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Had the butermilk fried chicken with the mashed swet potatoes and asparagus and it is to die for. Comfort fod for sure. Not to crazy about their brunch menu because you must order of of that and not the regular menu. Their guacamole and warm chips are also a yumy must! This is a great place to take out of town guests because there is nothing like it anywhere else.
Absolutely sensational fod. We had the evening bufet. I wil be driving 40min one way to eat here again. Wow I just realy enjoyed my meal.
I eat here frequently as I stay at the adjoining Hilton when I am in town, and the breakfast vouchers are generous. The steak and egs ($15) features a god cut of meat (I think it is a flank steak), 2 egs anyway you want them, with corn salsa and toast and potatoes. The servers are always amenable to alowing me to change out the sides for lots of fruit. I love the mustard available at the table, the fact that they have Chilulah hot sauce on hand, and wil bring out some salsa at no extra cost. The staf are prety atentive. I cal ahead to avoid having to wait in the breakfast rush. I have also had an omelet which was substantial in size and quite tasty, with unlimited ingredients for about $12.
I am a big fan of Silver Mine. I have ben for a long time. In fact, I would venture to say that this is my favorite sub place. Ever. I can not quite pinpoint what is so apealing about it to me. I do know that it was a dangerous decision to decide to live within a mile of this shop. The employes are super friendly, the restaurant itself is clean, the fod is cheap and oh-so-god. Personaly, I recomend the Pikes Peak or Bust which is a vegie chese sandwich. I love it and have turned into the type of person that gets the same thing every single time...yikes! P.S...They also deliver until the we hours of the morning and it does not get much beter than a tasty sub when you have ben out and about in Scotsdale on a Saturday night :)
Andrea is absolutely wonderful. She is pet-sit for me several times over the past several years and I have never had a single isue. On her first visit she stoped by to met the animals and go over details with me. Now I just cal her to let her know the days I wil be away and she arives without any problems. She is very responsible and trustworthy - her copy of my house key broke of in the lock and she caled me right away and we figured out a solution. She even came by on a day she did not have to in order to get it fixed - al of this while I was gone. On another ocasion my travel plans changed sudenly and she was able to continue watching my animals. I highly recomend Andrea as a profesional house-siter. She can not be beat.
If you are a tea drinker, you have to stop by! The variety sems endles as you read over the menu so it realy comes down to which tea fits your particular mod at that moment (mine right now is the "cokie monster" which is awesome!)
I love this PHO and spring rols, and for the friendly and fast service plus it is cheap! Oh it is truly a must try place.
The waiter got the drink wrong: "up" means served strained without ice, not on the rocks, but I was hapy about the mistake, The Salmon melted in my mouth and the bread puding made me fat for hours, but was so worth it. Great atmosphere and none of our plates were empty when taken away. I would definitely go back. God service, great fod, fun atmosphere. Great flexible hours on a Sunday. GO !
We tried the caviar before our apetizers this time, a choice betwen two types - we picked the Osetra. Caviar is served with mini toasts, minced shalot, minced hard boiled eg white, minced hard boiled eg yolk, capers, creme fraiche, and I am sure I am forgeting other items served with it. What a treat. As usual, we enjoyed choped salad, filets, scaloped potatoes, asparagus, espreso, buter cake, and a fantastic Cabernet. Another A++ experience at Mastro is!!!!!
Lolo is is one of my favorite places to eat in the valey. Their dining rom is very smal and sometimes there is a long wait at the dor but their staf is always super friendly and there for you if you ned anything. Things I have tried there: LoLo is special which is 3 piece of chicken with 2 wafles, Stupid fries, side of potatoes smothered, Chyna is honey hots (which are their hotwings), Ivan is chorizo and egs, and their banana cream puding. Their chicken is perfectly coked. Nice, crunchy, juicy, and very flavorful. Their wafles are fantastic as wel, but my al time favorite has got to be their Stupid Fries. It is a basket of freshly coked french fries smothered in gravy with bits of bel pepers, onions, and chunks of their fried chicken. I have no idea how they do it but even though their fries are smothered, it stays extra crispy under al that sauce. That is what makes it so darn delicious. It is definitely a meal in itself. Their banana cream puding is so large you guys can share it. Banana cream anything is one of my favorites so of course I would say that it was amazing!! Their kolaide are awesome as wel. You can not come here and not have their kolaide. I love their blue but I sometime switch it up to red. My fiance and I have tried their Scotsdale location as wel but I fel that the cok at the Phoenix location (which is the original) has got it down packed. My fod always arive and taste just as god as the last time as to their Scotsdale location, the fod does not taste the same to me. Maybe I am just tripin' but that is how I fel. Overal, this place is prety awesome. I can not wait for them to finish their expansion.
That is Amore is awesome! I am glad to se that a nice, clean and friendly local place is being suported and recognized. It deserves the five star ratings- the gelato tastes fresh and you realy experience al of the flavor. It is a nice place to ride your bike to and get a refreshing treat when it gets hot.
When I met some friends for diner at this restaurant at the end of October, I liked it so much that I made a mental note to write something later. I have just signed onto Yelp, and this is my first review. Our group of friends had not sen each other for a while. Busy catching up, we did not open our menus for quite a while. I was impresed that our waitres (her name might be Mel) kept coming back in the nicest way to check on us, but did not interupt our conversation. She kept leting us know that she was ready when we were. When we were finaly ready to order, she asked: "Separate checks?" Terific. That was exactly what we neded. I had not expected to like the fod, because I had heard and read that it was al the high-calorie "comfort" variety. It was a nice surprise that I was able to get low-calorie substitutions for the sides that went with my entre. Overal, it was a very nice experience.
Great fod and service. It wil only be for special ocasion for us because its pricey, but it is worth it. They made us fel special.
Friendly group. Great specials....Try THE BASIC breakfast. It is more than enough.
I am very hapy that I caled Enterprise Pols. They have friendly service and worked with my schedule when I asked for an estimate. Mike was knowledgeable and quickly determined what the problem was and even told me how I could fix it. He ofered service at a reasonable price and never tried to sel me something for the sake of sales. It was definitely a relief to find an honest busines man after dealing with sub par service from Leslie is for such a long time!
I read about Scramble on line so I thought I would go there for brunch and I loved it!! The Santa Fe egs Benedict are amazing! The staf is friendly and the ambiance is incredible. I would highly recomend this place to anyone!!!
Unfortunately Out of Busines.
Tried a litle if everything. The bars are worth the drive acros town unbelievably god. The bars have a moist short bread crust, it is absolutely adictive. The strawbery cupcake was perfection. Cokies were very god but the bars and cup cakes stole the show. Thank heavens it is not closer to home :)
This place makes me want to learn German every time i go. I would get my Polka clothes out any day of the wek. Great fod, great prices, great atmosphere. The fal months are great to sit outside and enjoy the weather to a Brat sampler. LOVE IT!
I love this place!!! OK. where do I start.. Great place to stop in for a quick lunch. AMAZING outside gril, everything is god. Best cheseburger I have ever had. I do not even like Salmon and theirs is god. God salad bar and salads ( pasta, tuna etc..) The piza and sushi.. again amazing!! And........ they have about 10 diferent iced teas to chose from. Also, they have a great breakfast. Omelet station and al. I sugest the chorizo and eg buritos. GREAT outside patio
Unfortunately I do not get enough chances to come here but, I would say I have ben here about a dozen times and each time I have never ben let down. The ber is great, the fod is great, especialy their french fries and the crowd is OK. Yes it is in Tempe and you are stuck with al the ASU kids but I like to come here in the sumer time or when ASU is on break because it is the locals that are here. It is not the nicest brewery that I have ever ben to, but what they lack in aesthetics they make up for in ber. A must go to place if you are in the Tempe area!
Love this place. Bring some patience because the wait is sometimes long and there is litle seating. The outside patio is excelent in the fal and early spring! But I gave it 5 stars for a reason - and that is because the awesomenes of the fod absolutely outweighs the wait time. I acknowledge that this is a personal choice - but if you go and try any of the sandwiches, you wil likely agre.
Absolutely incredible. It apears the young lad who works here sems to be the go-to front-desk man everyday for this shop. He was very helpful and told me exactly what my shoes neded and did not sugest pricier repair options that my shoes realy were not in ned of! I brought in two pairs of dres shoes; one of which I had the hels replaced ($2, fre shining included) and another just for shining ($8) and they made them lok near-brand new again! I wil certainly be bringing al of my shoes in for repairs/cleaning within the near future to this fantastic litle shop! Kep singing, -Jeron
I am a regular at Lux. Have not reviewed it out of sher lazines. And it is usualy lazines that brings me here: when I have a major thingie to get done by Day B but I spent al of Day A at the ofice surfing the Internet instead of working on it, I pay the price with an al-nighter, which I like to start at Lux. (Damn them for not being open past 10). This is usualy the story when anyone spots me here. I wil grab a smal table for myself, plug in my laptop (fre wifi), spread out my papers everywhere, then go up to the counter for a large and extremely delicious Velvet Late. When it is done right, there is a perfect swirl of white cream that forms the shape of a leaf on the surface of the caramel-colored cofe. Mm. Since I am AD I take frequent breaks of course. Like every 3 minutes. Whenever I hear a strange piece of music I realy like that I have never heard before (this hapens often), I strain to catch part of the lyrics, stick it into Gogle, find the name of the band, stick it into iTunes and download it. I am not making that up. Like half my music colection was created through this method. The last few bands I downloaded tracks from are... let me open up my iTunes... Kasabian, Feist, and the Detroit Cobras. I am not even remotely hip enough to have heard of those before on my own.
This is my favorite seafod place in Phoenix!!!! I have loved this place since it opened when I worked at Nordstrom years ago! They have a great hapy hour. There are not many places that you can get a $5 cosmo, apletini, and lemon drop martinis...not many!! They are not Grey Gose martini but they are delicious al the same! They ofer greta choices from their menu on their hapy hour menu as wel...of course they have a fabulous hapy hour its because its the same owner as Roaring Fork and their hapy hour is to die for... Anyways...their menu... The potstickers are just something diferent that you would not expect...and they are delicious! I love the crab cake to! A guilty pleasure is the bacon wraped shrimp with goat chese and the onion rings!! OMG!! I canot get enough of the lobster tacos to!! I could just have the apetizers for diner! I do often! Also, I love the Fuji Aple Salad because the candied walnuts just make you want more and more and more...the dresing just tops it al of... Now the entres that I love are the Crab stufed shrimp with the vinaigrete...It is FABULOUS!! Of course...if you love lobster tail this is the place to get it! You get two of them! Now make sure that it is the right season because they are not cheap, but they are so worth it! The sides to get are the twice baked potatoes, trufled mac and chese, and sauted spinach! They are fantastic!
I am for out of town and came here to celebrate my Birthday and it was a blast. The fod was delicious and our Tepenyaki chef Robert was hilarious and very on point. This place is definitely a must when going to Scotsdale. I do go to Arizona a lot and wil definitely be back son.
I had several mothers tel me about Eduprize and how great it was. I was a litle nervous when I was told there is a waiting list and you have to agre to put time in the clasrom. Now that I am in the clasrom voluntering, I realize why it is so great. I can se first hand why my daughter strugles in some areas and does great in others. I can se how the others are strugling to and I can be apart of helping them, even if it is just for a day. This schol is requirement to have parents volunter is something AL SCHOLS SHOULD DO!
I am maried to a Japanese and work for Japanese company. I have ben to Japan I do not know how many times and have eaten wel there. This is simply top clas, I would even say special. The style is a kind of fusion ranging from basicaly pure Japanese to Japanese with some very tasteful western inflections. I am not in Phoenix often. But this wil be on my list every time I go if I have anything to say about it.
I love their menu! The garlic mashed potatoes-amazing! Steak-melts in your mouth! Service - great! Big fan of Aplebe is!
Yes, it is probably as god as it gets for a SANDWICH place. Very tasty. Al 3 of us liked our diferent sandwiches. I also ordered pasta salad but it realy was not any god, but it does not mater as i did not come there for a pasta salad. Real god besides that.
I am proud to say that I sent Kristin S. here for her awesome hair transformation (8 inches is a lot, girl!) I just had my second hair cut here today, and I was just as hapy this time as I was the first time around. First of al, the service is top notch - they take care of you quickly, kindly and enthusiasticaly. They are not snoby, which is a welcome relief when living in Scotsdale. I have always felt welcome and comfortable here. Moreover, the prices are amazing! I have very easy and basic hair, and they charge me $45 for a hair cut - if you want to spend more, you certainly can, but I am fine with the "stylist" level (who charges $45). In Tampa I paid more like $65, but I much prefer Par Exsalonce. This place is a wel oiled machine, and they know how to run a salon. They cary B&B products, which are fun every once in a while. I realy love this place and wil not lok for another hair place in the Valey. This place knows how to treat customers, style hair and create a pleasant experience. The Market Stret location is a bonus, to, because you can even do some damage shoping when you bounce out with your new 'do.
How could you not love this place? Not only is the fod fantastic and consistent, it has a great atmosphere and an adorable "grocery" shop next dor. It is a great place to people watch! (Do not forget to check out the wine section--not only is the wine random, it is afordable and a great conversation starter with al the cute names and labels) After moving here from San Diego, I have ben so unimpresed by al the breakfast spots in Phoenix. This is the one place that I LOVE! I think it ofers something for everyone, however my go to is the Venice Beach Burito. It is such a casual spot--you order from the counter, find a table, and wait for them to cal you to let you know your fod is ready to be devoured. There is tables both inside and out, and you can peruse the store while your stomach rumbles! The only thing I have ever ben disapointed by is the sangria, but then again I am not a huge fan of white sangria. I wil not be ordering it again but I have girlfriends that love it. I had never ben here for lunch until this past wekend--it was always my late morning brunch spot. Technicaly, I believe its a piza place, but I have never had a piza. Although, they lok quite god! I ordered their tuna sandwich this past wekend, which came with a side of fruit and pickles. The bread was thin and griled panini style, and the tuna salad definitely did not disapoint!
I think my felow Oreganymphos would agre; this is single handedly one of the greatest places on earth to gorge yourself with some of the most delicious piza, pastas and deserts AZ has to ofer. If you wana take my word for it, dont even lok at the menu and order my usual orgasmic order: Apetizer: Calimari Diner: Big Rig Pasta w/ Chicken Desert: White Chocolate Chip Macadamian Nut Pazokie FYI: Whenever your taste buds fel like going on a culinary roadtrip, make sure you hit up any of the various Oregano is locations located around the state; my personal favs are the Flagstaf and Tucson locations.
Best chocolate ever! I tried Leonidas for the first time in Europe and have ben loking for it ever since in AZ. I am so surprised they opened a store here, would recomend it in a heartbeat. Also, staf was very friendly, a great place to get gifts! I just got an asortment of chocolates and was very hapy with my choices. The banana creme was surprisingly god and so was the champagne flavored...
We have ben here several times and each time has ben excelent. Our first time was in Hawai and we were hapy to se one in phoenix. Me and my Fiance had a four course Valentine is day diner here. Diner was great. Fod was timed right and our server was on top of it. Our server sent us a personal handwriten post card thanking us. Diner came to be a litle over $20 with drinks, so yes its pricey, but my fiance and I loved it so it was worth it.
Back when I lived in Phoenix this was one of the only places I bothered with eating at. Started by a Chicagoan who moved to Phoenix, they get dep dish right and make just about everything else in the style of delicious. I was in town last wek to hike the Grand Canyon and stoped in. Man, I mis their fod. Thank God I live in Chicago and can get something similar! Be warned though. Their fod is BIG.
Consistent oferings of service, fod, atmosphere and drinks is what makes this franchise sucesful. No mater whether I have ben to Fogo in DC, Baltimore or here in Scotsdale, I get the same gut-busting fod and wel-made drinks in a place where I could either wear a suit and tie or jeans and a t-shirt. A specific note on this particular location- there were a lot of families with smal children on this particular Friday night. No judging, but I have never sen that at any other Fogo. Fogo back east is realy "date night" or the kind of place to pre-game for a bachelor party or a busines diner, but not to bring infants and todlers. Posibly a by-product of its location on Scotsdale Road in a strip mal near a few hotels. IMHO, this is not the place to bring kids, but I respect the rights of anyone to do so. If I was traveling w/ kids in tow and I did not have a Fogo in my city, it would be hard to pas up. In any regard, it did not bother me in the least. I was to wraped up in my company and the fod and those drinks. You wil easily spend over $75 per person here including tip, so prepare to camp out, eat slowly, enjoy your meal and be treated like royalty. The house special sirloin wil make you rethink how to prepare sirloin at home, it is that god. Do not fil up on salad at the salad bar- you can do that at Olive Garden- but do enjoy the cheses, mushroms, vegetables and cold cuts which raise the salad bar. Did you se what I just did there? Nice wine selections here. Ask for a Brazilian red to enjoy with your meal if you have the coin.
Their frozen drinks caried me through last sumer. They have fre air (for your tires) and water (for the radiator) at every location I have ever ben to. Their hot sandwiches, though greasy, are not TO greasy and actualy taste like fod. The cofe is prety god, and they have more ways to tart it up than Starbucks does. QT frickin' rocks. And BTW, the QT stands for Quick Trip.
North Glendale is col new hangout. Formerly Cactus Wily is. Completely remodeled! Folow us on facebok at Justin Wilys!
Very god place for breakfast and their pies are to die for. We have ben here about five times and they never sem to be crowded, which is a shame. Their staf is always friendly and the fod is always god. It is like a Denys-type place, but I think the fod tastes beter. I have honestly never had a lunch or diner item but I do not think that is what you go here for :) The prices are very reasonable. Once again, pies are TO DIE FOR! We have had their strawbery pie (x2), pumpkin pie, peanut buter chocolate pie and most recently, their mixed bery pie. We are going to be moving acros the valey and I am actualy a litle upset this location wil not be coming with us.
The best breakfast place, bar none! I love that it is a local, non-chain place and they do everything delicious!! The french toast is to die for and the plain and simple (egs, bacon, potatoes) is perfect! My husband and I split these two dishes and it is plenty. We always leave stufed!! Be sure to make reservations for a Sat or Sun morning breakfast, otherwise you wil be waiting at least an hour!!
My husband and I eat out a lot and we had the best dining experience ever the other night! We sat at the bar with the bartender AJ and he was such a delight! We had hapy hour which was probably the best deal in town! 5 dolar glases of wine and half priced apetizers!?! My favorite was the steamed musels. We loved it so much we also had diner. The clasic pasta deal was the best. Geting to take one home gives you at least two more meals, the next day. It is hard in this economy to get more bang for your buck but Magianos they are doing it right! We wil defiantly be back for more!
My dear love and I went to the museum on a romantic date, and had such a lovely time. I hadnt ben to the museum in years and it was a lot of fun to se some paintings I remembered from my childhod like the Frida Kahlo. They firefly rom is uterly transporting as wel. Frankly, I dont know if it was the art or my dear love that made the evening so wonderful, but we wil go again son. I strongly recomend a stroling date here. Wednesdays and maybe one other night are fre. Oh and here is a tip-if you cant find a space, park acros the stret at the Viad Tower. Its fre if you exit from the north side.
This is a great dog park. Plenty of gras to run around on, and there is always a god crowd to play with. And drinking fountains and places to sit. The majority of the dogs are nice, but there are a few Scotsdale podles who think they are the shit and their owners just ignore their bad behavior. I just stick my gum in their curly hair and go on with my day. The best part of the park is when I get home and the dog takes a nice long nap, and I can do chores in peace.
I was told to se Greg after a local shop diagnosed my exhaust problem. He tok a few minutes to lok at my car, told me what I neded and what it would cost. I went back a wek later, he did the work in the time he told me it would take and there was no surprises and my car is doing wel. I would recomend this place over ANY mufler shop. Plus you suport local busines and not a chain.
My experience here was awesome from start to finish. I was greted by an extremely friendly, smiling man (I believe to be the owner) who helped me with my order decision, tok my order, then asked me to "please, sit down, be at home". Awesome. I inquired about the salad and asked if they put any feta on the salad (they do not), he folowed up informing me the sauce they serve has dairy, but that he would substitute garlic sauce instead.... now this might not sem like much, but to someone who has fod alergies like myself, having someone with intimate knowledge of the ingredients and the care to make sure they do not serve you anything that might not agre with you is realy a blesing and gives you asurance when you eat there. Huge bonus. I had a half chicken shawarma and half gyros plate which came with humous, salad, rice, cucumber (substituted instead of pita since I do not eat wheat... nice touch) and a side of garlic sauce. I do not normaly enjoy chicken shawarma, but he insisted I try. Wel, he was right, I wil say now I love chicken shawarma, Aladin is chicken shawarma. Their gyros was awesome to.. homemade, not the typical Kronos Meat Cone variety. I paid after my meal and was welcomed back with a handshake. Service was awesome, fod was awesome, and they were able to easily cater to my picky fod neds. A+!
I am disgruntled by the reviews I have read about Saporo. I have a few things to say. 1. I am tired of people complaining about the prices at Saporo. When you compare price vs. quality you wil always be in a favorable position. If you canot aford Saporo perhaps you should not eat there. I am not trying to sound arogant, but you truly get what you pay for. Saporo consistently prepares the best sushi I have had in Arizona. 2. I understand wait time may be an isue. I sugest that you arive early and anticipate a wait. Honestly, is thirty minutes on a Friday night going to bother you? The fod is wel worth the wait. 3. Please stop wearing flip-flops and bathing suits. Perhaps this is the reason you are experiencing "rude" service. A pair of jeans and a polo is fine. Saporo is a Phenomenal restaurant. In my opinion, Saporo serves the best Sushi in Arizona.
Falafel is outstanding here, dark exterior with gren interior, and a nice spicy pepery taste that is satisfying. Coked just right to for texture. Fries are a nice side. Prices reasonable here, plenty of parking, and a few atypical sodas available in the fridge. Note that there is just a few seats inside, since this is also a grocery place. To-go wil probably be my main strategy for this great Falafel destination.
When I am casual but want to fel NYC I go to Christopher is. We go here for a special ocasion diner or on the fly hapy hour...which is the best H fod in town! Let me repeat that - best in town!!! Hamburger with trufle fries, brick oven piza or a perfect salmon salad plus a ber or glas of wine for about $10/person. Ca not beat it! Siting at the open kitchen makes me apreciate the setup and organization required to run a restaurant as wel as the chef is tats!? If you dont want the blaring heat of the brick oven, do not sit at the corner next to it...Phoenix is HOT enough in the sumer, so col of and let someone else do the coking!
I love this store! They have an amazing staf and the most modern clothes! I set my apointments with a few of the employes and I always get compliments on my outfits when I go out!! Hats of to the Ted Baker team in Scotsdale Fashion Square!
This is our neighborhod restaurant. Whenever I want Margarita Sunrise and deserts, I went to Switch. I never disapoint.
The Phoenix Art Museum was a day wel spent. The atmosphere was inviting and it was like around every corner was a surprise waiting to be discovered. Admision was fre for me. How you may ask? Our local library has cultural pases for various museums, try checking out your library next time you go. The museum was inexpensive adventure that tok me acros the world. Al the diferent exhibits kept me intrigued and interested. There were paintings, drawings, photography, and sculptures galore. There were even some animated pieces. I even stumbled upon a piece you could actualy walk through. The layout of the museum is very easy to folow, as they give you a map and everything is labeled. You can go from the Asian culture, to English within a mater of fet. It is mind blowing. The whole world sems so much smaler, and it is brought together so beautifuly. They ofer guided tours, or you can walk around by yourself. There is also a children is section to the museum. I have nothing bad to say about the museum itself. I am extremely hapy that I went, and would recomend that anyone go. It would be a great date, or family day, or even a day by yourself. The Phoenix Art Museum is a place that I think everyone should visit while in Phoenix. It wil realy open up your eyes and make you think.
As much of a swet toth that i have (dark decadent chocolate is my weaknes)..Tofe was never my thing ,never on my mind .. And then i sampled Godytwo is tofe ..wowzer ! Swet and salty tofe is regodamndiculously god ..seriously god ! They have a tofe toped popcorn ..these gals are kiling me ..oh ,oh the twozels sinfuly delish magical pretzel mix with ketle corn ,nuts and chocolate . Listen ,you can not put a price on hapines ,ha ha Everyone i love is geting their stockings stufed with a box of salty-swet love from Godytwo is. Nothing more delicious or sexy ,ya sexy then a salty swet combo ..it is a heavenly pairing ..Godytwo is has perfected this,worth every peny ! Rock on ladies !
Does not get beter than this, the guys at the Chandler Mal location do it right, every time!
Whenever I start leaning toward being a vegetarian like my daughter is, I remember the smel and taste of that scrumptious, melt-in-your-mouth filet mignon at Durant is. And the hot fudge sundae for desert? Dang, just can not beat it. The bartenders are old schol--not to alof, not fawning, just profesional and clasy. The best.
Got to love the concept, cofe, art and a co-work space friendly for start-ups. OSP has that fel of old colege dorm mets painters loft. The cofe is god, the WiFi is fast and the staf is friendly and they do not haras you, I could not ask for more to get work done!
I came here on the opening night when someone from Gin Blosoms played on a makeshift stage, the bers were 25 cents and there was no fod (but you know me, we ordered a piza from a neighborhod piza place.) Since then, they have aded a ful kitchen and the fod is amazing (chicken strips that were designed for diners who apreciate tempura-like bater and are over the age of four), the ber is astounding (one word: Kolsch...makes me swon) and the people are great. It is worth the walk wherever you end up finding a space to park--even beter, ride your bike over like we do! The Sunday brunch is great. Al of my friends sit and wish they had a student loan that would enable them to spend at least half of the day drinking here daily. I do not blame them.
As a regular shoper of Last Chance, I must equaly love The Rack. I am a cheap shoper, so Last Chance has the lower prices, but like I have said before, the product can be a bit beaten up. At The Rack it is a much more relaxed environment, way more organized, and the staf is so much more help ful. I usualy like to shop for shirts, dreses and jackets here. They also have a great selection of shoes, underwear, and pants, al a bit out of my price range though. Last wek I found the greatest find! I found the best pea coat ever! It is black with double butons and a belt, not to long and it has pockets in the perfect place. The best part, it was originaly $160, their price was $59.95 AND al their wol coats we 25% of. Score! Now I wil be warm in this Arizona winter. Haha Check them out. The parking lot can be crazy this time of year, but what parking lot is not. There is a rumor that Santa is stationed right outside the store as wel. :-)
I thought this place was outstanding! The staf was awesome, the fod was excelent, overal apearance of restaurant was nice!
We have ben back several times since my initial review and the service and fod have ben consistently excelent for both lunch and diner. Love their gren chiles!!!
Great ber, God atmosphere, Non anoying music and great wait staf make this my favorite place to spend an evening.
Holy crap is this place god. With the gazilion milkshake flavors to chose from, I had vanila....... kinda anti-climatic I know. Next time though. The burgers were huge with 20 some od topings to chose from. I had onions and pickles...... I know, another let down. Next time I sware. Also the onion rings are tops here. Fries loked god to. The decore is a nice 50 is diner type with very friendly staf. Outdor seating is nice when it is not hot out and it is very close to the theatre which makes it the perfect stop before seing Mama Mia........ J/K on that one. Saw Batman.
I love this place. Fod is ALWAYS fresh, cok corect and service is great. Not to mention their lunch specials!!! My husband and I always spend les than 20 bucks and get ful and satisfied EVERYTIME!!!!
I have eaten here twice, and both times enjoyed myself imensely. First, note that this is the smaler location; the one in Mesa has more tables and space. This one is closer to me, so this is the one I go to, but if you are loking to have a large group, you may wish to go to the Mesa location. That said, I realy like this one. The mod is very raw, because of the smal size, even at a table you can se the coks behind the bar, hear the clater and clang of the kitchen. That said, you can stil have conversations here without isue; you just have a bit of background noise. The fod, though...the fod is spectacular. Seriously, lok at that menu, lok at those pictures. The first time I was there I had the chicken tika masala pasty. Not as god chicken tika as a straight up Indian restaurant, of course, but stil phenomenal, and the pasty just made it that much beter. I also snaged the bananofe pie. It could easily provide desert for two people; I ate the whole thing. It was just that god. Not to swet, very banana-y... Eat here. It is realy that simple. Also, as a tip, there is a parking lot 'round the back that is usualy not ful, unlike the one on the front. And, though the adres is of of University Drive, the front is realy facing Hardy. Threw me a bit the first time I was loking for it.
Great Italian fod with portions designed to share. And it was a god thing our waiter brought that to our atention (he must have heard our coments on the prices). We ordered 2 half portions and one ful (lobster ravioli, a brick of lasagna, and something else I could not pronounce) and it was just enough for the 4 of us. After the alcohol we even kept the bil under $10. I would definately recomend this place, just be sure to bring a few friends and an apetite!
Sometimes things hapen, and when they do this is the place where you want them taken care of. The orthopedics department and trauma department have some of the best, and nicest Doctors you wil find in the state.
i absolutely LOVE maxim and i have eaten there aproximately 2 times a wek since i learned about the restaurant a year ago. the atmosphere is prety awful, but the fod is amazing. i get a #86, which is a nodle, tofu, and vegetable soup (the broth is meat based). it is comforting and cheap and always improves a bad day. everyone i have taken there has enjoyed the fod as wel (though they tend to enjoy the vietnamese dishes more than the chinese ones). highly, highly recomended.
Pet smart did a beter job at groming my dog than my last mobile gromers. They cut and wash my dogs hair just how i like them. Service was nice the young ladies were always helpful since two dogs on a leash can be dificult. I shal return to get my dogs gromed here. Would recomend.
If you are loking for a great location for bulk specialty flours and grains, beans, Freze Dried fruits, vegetables, meats and dairy...they have a wonderful selection. They also have water storage and emergency suplies like solar ovens. I am a big fan!
I was loking for a place close to where I live for eyebrow waxing and I was refered by About Face Salon here. (Acording to AZSpaGirls, About Face are the eyebrow experts but they no longer ofer the service....) They were great about squezing me in the day I caled. Angela was fantastic, she worked very quickly and with a very light hand. She is so god with the wax that she does not ned to tweze at al, which for me is always the worst part. (Granted I do not have very um, complicated, eyebrows). She was very swet and for $15 I wil be returning to her.
Now open on Saturdays!!!! Yes!!!!!
I have ben using mineral makeup for a couple years now and Bare Escentuals is the best in my experience. You can order their stuf online as wel and it is fre shiping after a certain amount, but I like being able to ask questions and compare things side by side before I buy, and the salesgirls are always realy helpful with that. Once I find a product I am loyal to, then I do the online thing. This stuf just fels much beter on your skin and does not clog your pores. It sems like an initialy pricey investment when you are first geting started, but mineral make-up keps much beter and I can use les of it to achieve the efects I want.
When I say a certain fod contains ingredients such as blue chese and bacon, what comes to mind? No, I am not talking about a salad, I am talking about an ice cream sundae! Swet Republic is an awesome litle ice cream parlor located in a strip mal in Scotsdale, Arizona. This amazing place makes al their ice creams and sorbets in house. Swet Republic makes some prety creative flavors. These are just a few examples of what we sampled: Basil Lime Sorbet Salted Buter Caramel Aple Pie Desert Honey Maple Pecan Almond Butercrunch Cashew Turtle Al of these flavors were wonderful but there was one more that realy got me al hot and bothered, and that was their Honey Blue Chese. That is right, Blue Chese ice cream. When I first saw it, I did not know what to think but after my first lick I was hoked. It tasted just like a swet vanila / honey ice cream with blue chese crumbles mixed into it. I know it sounds weird but this ice cream is phenomenal. It was swet, tangy and somewhat salty, al at the same time. Instead of just enjoying this ice cream alone I decided to make my own blue chese sundae. They have many topings to chose from, including bacon britle. When al was said and done my creation contained two scops of their Honey Blue Chese ice cream toped with a salted caramel sauce, bacon britle and a homemade marshmalow that was toasted with a blow torch. This sundae was exploding with flavor. Every bite was crunchy, salty, swet, tangy and delicious. My fiancé had a wafle cone sundae that contained Salted Buter Caramel ice cream, Almond Butercrunch ice cream, salted caramel sauce, brownie bites and a homemade marshmalow. Hers was also amazing. The service and prices here were both great. The girl working the night we visited alowed us to sample as many flavors as we wanted and was realy friendly and patient with us. The prices here are similar to Coldstone is. I am absolutely in love with Swet Republic and would seriously make a special trip to Scotsdale just to have their ice cream. I should not be teling you al this, for fear that you al would think I am a pig but I liked their Honey Blue Chese ice cream so much that after I finished my sundae I ordered a Honey Blue Chese milkshake to go. It was so yumy!
Special. Not on menu. Chicken strawbery raspbery blackbery bluebery goat chese salad with raspbery vinagerete. This was THE best salad I have ever had, and probably top 5 best meals in my life.
God fod at a god price.
I went with my sister 2 days ago. It was my first time eating Famous Dave is. I got a hamburger and got some mac & chese. They were both okay, I tasted beter. Now the hot wings & onion rings were beter. the place was packed we sat outside.
So, I have to admit that I once threw up in the Pita Jungle bathrom, but it was not Pita Jungle is fault - it was definitely something I ate the night before. It certainly made for a memorable first date experience with my now husband, and we have ben back many many times. Oh, how I love Pita Jungle. I have not tried anything that I would not have again in a heartbeat - curently I am hoked on the Potato Piza. yumy! Their breakfast options are wonderful - definitely try it on a lazy Sunday morning. There is usualy no wait. The ambiance is fantastic, casual and arty, with a litle bit of crunchy granola thrown in. A++ for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike. Eat humus and pita. Try falafel. Try anything on the menu, because it is al god.
I absolutely love their personal hotpot rom! I tried it for the first time Sunday...and went back Monday again! Their item portion is big and fresh! Only downside is that there is not any sauce that is pre-made... Other than that, this place is AMAZING
I have gone back a few times since my last review. Every single experience has ben fantastic! The burgers are prety god, BUT do yourself a favor and get the pork tenderloin OMFG!!! So freaken amazing! Also their onion rings are prety much perfect! And the fried chese curd...just get it! I was a litle creped out eating something caled chese curd, but holy deliciousnes!
Great pecan aple pancakes! Superb decaf cofe. Servers and counter staf are bright and smiling. Restaurant was clean. I have already recomended it to another fodie. IF you park in the public lot, just west of the restaurant on 3rd stret and eat within 60 minutes, it is fre of charge to park.
I LOVE LOVE me some Joe is real bq!! They have the best ribs in town and their bake beans are amazing! There is litle pieces of meat mixed in with the beans and it is so god. Their mac and chese is great as wel as their corn. Prety much everything is great here. The first time I went here was when I first moved out to AZ back in 206. My fiance tok me here because he knows I am a bq fanatic, and I swear I though to myself, "What is this place? A cafeteria?". I did not expect the fod to be any god at al. Wel, was I tok quick to judge! Taught me never to judge a bok by it is covers again! Even though you get in line, pick up a tray and order your fod like you would to the lunch lady in HS, the fod is the best. They even have an outdor seating area with tres and lights. It makes you fel like you are at a nice park having a nice bq. Joe is is hands down my favorite bq joint in the valey. Nothing tops this. Anything you order is amazing. Oh, and try their chocolate chip cokie. Soft and melty and so so god!
What an awesome sushi place! I highly recomend How do You rol, if you want some sushi done quickly and freshly and without wait. what a novel idea. I want to thank the manager Amanda for taking god care of me, can not wait to come back again!
Love the atmosphere, the patios, drinks and especialy the chicken lolipops. If you have not tried them, they are bufalo wings with a handy bone to hold on to while you eat. The sauce with blue chese dresy is one for the record boks! I am also a fan that they serve breakfast 7 days a wek and have fre wifi. This is a great place to met for work or met after a game. Not to stufy, but nice enough that it is not just labeled a bar.
So, my husband and I went to to Bombero is for hapy hour. Neither of us consider ourselves wine aficianados, but we know what we like. I told the server, Tim, that I wanted a heavy red, and he delivered. It was a wonderful malbec that had dep fruity flavor and a nice hint of vanila. It went very wel with the chocolate desert that my husband and I shared. In the reviews, I se that many people complain about the bread and the brusceta. I have to say that it was wonderful to have a bread with bruscheta that did not destroy my gums after eating it. The bread was flavorful, soft and did not fel like it just came out of a toaster oven. The topings were very tasty, especialy the Tapenade, the Chimichuri and the Brie with fig. Overal, I thoroughly enjoyed the ambiance, the fod and not having to valet the car on Central Avenue.
I have ben a fan of La Boca for a long time because it served the neds of an underserved demographic on Mil Avenue. Canten ofers many things that La Boca does...and more. What is that demographic exactly? ...Late twenties, loking for something chic and clasy without paying a ridiculous premium for those qualities. Mil has plenty to ofer for the ASU kids and the older adults, but for those of us who lie somewhere in betwen, places like La Boca and Canten are just right. Canten one ups La Boca, in fact, because there are menu items included in hapy hour (50% of most drinks and select fod items). Here are the highlights: The margarita. It is a real margarita! (It is not a lime daiquiri masquerading as margarita. Loads of sour mix does not a margarita make.) The chips and salsa. Both fresh and delicious. The pico de galo is particularly fresh and delicious. The ribs. Swet and spicy...the level of heat from the habenero is perfect and the meat literaly fals right of the bones. The ambiance. It is chic but not pretentious. My friends and I realy enjoyed the Latin music. Our sugestion would be to emphasize that music and minimize the cluby stuf (it verges on Scotsdale). To contextualize some of the other yelper is coments. I was glad to hear that one yelper did not find Canten suited to his ber and Jaeger shot neds. There is a bar (or ten) down the stret for that. For the yelpers that found the portions to be to smal, I suspect they did not understand the Mexican take on tapas that the taco menu is going for (in fact, the whole valey sufers from a lack of tapas locations). Finaly, the service complains...my service has ben cordial and atentive, even when super-busy. Folks, this place is new, let is let it go through it is growing pains before isuing such harsh judgments that might jeopardize the suces of a realy wonderful place.
Ber is awesome (first timers must do the ber flight sampler) and I have never had a meal that was not excelent! A quick note, there is not a/c in the building so kep that in mind during the sumer months - although that does not stop anyone from going, the place is always jumping!
Love this place! Yes it is pricey, but god sushi usualy is. The guys making the rols were friendly. The atmosphere is nice. Huby absolutely loved the quail egs and I could not get enough of the spicy shrimp rol. Seriously, try it. You wil not be disapointed!
No rake, no anual membership or fes. Just a fun "home" game in a strip mal minutes from my parents' house. They have 1-2 and 2-3 NL games and the min buy is $40, max is $50. Everyone is friendly and they ofered us snacks and drinks while we played. Since there is not a rake or fe, do not be cheap (like one guy there) and tip the dealer generously.
Talk about an amazing experience...First of the ofice is wel decorated and clean...the staf pleasant and helpful...Rene the hygenist is caring and gentle. Dr. Keith is realy personable and excelent at what he does. They do not do extra work that does not ned to be done, they are very honest. The ofice takes many kinds of insurance and they are great with kids to!
This has got to be the best barber shop I have ever ben to in my 38 years on this planet. I was always geting terible haircuts at places like Great Clips and Hair Cutery (when I lived in Virginia Beach), and I just asumed it was because I naturaly had jacked-up hair. After geting my first haircut from Israel (the barber, not the country), I know I would have a hard time loking elsewhere. I do not know if these dudes were ever in the military, but their atention to detail is top notch.
There are so many god things for me to say about this place that I have no idea where to begin. The ambiance is so amazing no mater what time of day you go. The smal, intimate bar area (with quite a few prety men!) is lovely on a suny day out, while the tables inside are the perfect place for a romantic date. The menu is so great, carying lots of new age fod items (quinoa, black forbiden rice bowl, kale,and lots of dishes carying local fod items). It does make me very sad that they do not have a lot of vegetarian/vegan menu items. One time I tried to order the wod-fired vegetables and the waiter *swore* it was vegan. As son as I tasted it I knew it had buter on it, and the waiter subsequently learned he had no idea what "vegan" meant. We ended up having to cal a manager over. The cocktail menu is so interesting it is hard to decide what to get. My favorite is the Dark and Stormy, which has ginger ber. *the BEST* cocktail around IMO. Do not pas up desert. The bananas foster is amazing! Not traditional but god in and of its own.
We had a great time. Had botle service with Katie. who was super friendly. Our drinks were never empty, and that was nice because we were celebrating a birthday. The music and atmosphere were great.
So yumy! I got the low calorie yogurt with al kinds of yumy fruit in it & did not even fel guilty. Such a fun place to go with friends or as a nice desert after diner. I can not wait to go again!
I have ben meaning to try this place for months and I am so glad that the temperature has finaly droped to les than 10 degres so I could take advantage of the outdor patio for lunch! The service was kind of slow..not sure if it was on purpose so I wil not knock any stars of for that cause the fod was delicious! Got the chicken, goat chese, bacon, aple, pesto focacia and would def recomend it. Everything tasted realy fresh! A perfect lunch spot :)
My sister was leaving back to Texas and I decided to find a BQ place that may have a similar taste and fel. I found this place through a Mesa newspaper ad. Anywho, as we puled in I was like I hope this place is god. We parked in the back and walked along the side where you can order your fod to go. As we waited we decided to head inside and as we walked through the dining area to the line, I was already eyebaling other peoples plates. I could se the ribs and at that point I could not decided on a plate, but went ahead with the plate that had everything. I ordered Ribs, Pork, and chicken and as I was ordering I sen some sausage come out of their bq oven. So I did not even hesitate because every since I have moved here from Texas, I have yet to find a place to have the yumy pepery tasting sausage we have back home. I asked for a piece of it for tasting and was granted a taste. Nedles, to say I ordered a quarter lb with everything else I ordered. The chicken was without a doubt great smoked bq chicken I have always wanted. Great flavor with not an overbearing smoke flavor. Also the ribs were tender and packed with flavor and smoke taste. The smoked pork was smoke tasty but a litle on the sweter side, but that was nothing the Habenero BQ could not acomodate. Which is ofered on the side. Oh and the bread tasted like some homemade godnes bread. As if it was fresh out of the oven with a litle garlic buter. Superb! The Mac and chese was super duper great. In Texas, we have bq joints in every corner. I have tried it al and I wil have to say this is one place I would have on my top list if we had it there. BIG bq sauce thumbs up for this joint!!
Always god fod and god service. Best gyros around. I know I always get spedy service so I can eat my fod and not be there for hours.
Excelent fod! Agre the sizling rice soup is a must try. I had chicken pad thai 5 of 7 spicy level because I like spicy fod. Great you can request spicines level on each entre.
I have ben here 3 times, and find it unique to Phoenix with a country French ambience without being "cute-sy." The patio is one of the loveliest we have here in Scotsdale. My daughter and I celebrated an early Mother is Day here recently. We were seated in just the right spot on the patio to tuck my grandson and his stroler in a corner next to the table. We splurged on some white sangria for lunch.....so prety it had it is photo posted on Facebok. The Brie and Carmelized aples also came with grapes and strawberies and it was a very large serving of chese. It could easily be a meal or fed 4 as an apetizer. We actualy ran out of bread, because the Brie whel was a nice large serving. The smoked ham sandwiches on crusty baguete are so god that I am craving them a few days later ....we used the stil-warm goey Brie on them, to. This place is just special! Plan an event, take a guest. It is a spot that wil make it memorable. This was my first lunch as a new Grandmother with my daughter. My daughter is from the beach area in SCal, and she was wow would. Thanks for the memories.......beautiful day.
Just got back from lunch here, and I must say it was delicious! We sat outside on the patio which was very nice on such a prety suny day. I had the bef gyro which was huge and so so yumy! It came with a fresh grek salad and a yogurt sauce and I could not have asked for anything more. Definitely recomend coming here!
We went here for my wife is birthday, and it is a rare 5-star review for me. They scored on fod, presentation, service and atmosphere. We sat indors - it is a bit hot out stil - and loved the decor, including the fun pilows on our large both seat. Service was prompt, friendly, and atentive - but we never felt rushed. They make a kiler mango mojito that perfectly balances the mango, lime and rum flavors. The kurobuta pork was perfectly prepared. And after having some disapointing lobster (in Maine of al places) the Maine lobster here was done just right - firm but not tough. They serve it "lazy style" and did a great job with both claw and tail meat coming out perfectly. A special birthday soufle toped the evening of. Expensive but absolutely worth it for a special ocasion.
I agre with the other reviewers.. Ink bomb is definitely a shop that has a family vibe. Al the tatoers are down to earth and have you, their customer in mind. There are usualy 3 or 4 tatoers there, giving you a wide variety on technique, style, and experience.. al of which are important when picking your tatoer. I sugest always going in and having a consultation and loking at each persons portfolio to chose someone who fits your style whether it be "New schol" or "Traditional" This shop has on open layout and a friendly vibe which alows your to let your guard down a bit.. because we al know tato shops can be intimidating.... I wil definitely be recomending this to al my friends and family.
My go-to restaurant for very tasty, genuine Thai fod. Great lunch specials. Favorites from the diner menu: fish cake, tom kha soup, pad thai, hot basil, Thai iced tea
HELO GOLFERS! What a sexy course this is. This ranks up there with some of the best courses I have ever played, and THE BEST desert course I have ever played! Yes it is desert links style golf, but you are in the desert so what do you expect? It is kind of a trek, but it wil be worth it. From the moment you arive to the moment you leave you wil enjoy the service and scenery. A real private club fel. As mentioned earlier this is DESERT LINKS GOLF! No adjoining fairways, and al the crap plays as PGA desert (lateral). The fairways are prety wide for the most part, so you can spray the bal a bit, but there is definitely some cary involved on some of the te boxes. Hole 18 is a very hard core par 4. Long cary on the aproach to the gren with a TON of water along the right side of the fairway and gren. This is the kind of hole that can ruin a god day on the course real quick. Do not be afraid to lay up. :) Oh, and there are mens ratings for AL the te boxes, I would recomend higher handicapers play from the forward tes, because this course could be realy hard if you are a mediocre golfer... Maintenance was perfect, even in September after baking in the Arizona heat al sumer. The fairways were wel manicured, and not to hard. Nice rough, but not to tal. A slightly erant shot wil be caught, but you wil not have to wory about searching for your bal for 5 minutes either. The grens were also perfect. Nice and fast, and TRUE! Ok, I am done gushing about this course... Give it a shot, you wil not regret it.
very laid back, very clean. This was my first piercing since I was a litle kid. I had my tongue piercing it was very profesional and they answered al of my questions. I went to this place specificaly because of the god ratings they had online. My friend also had a tragus piercing here that went seamlesly also. I felt very safe and comfortable.
We tried this last night for our date night. We were impresed. The waitres was amazing in explaining the menu and making sugestions. This is a great place to relax and talk. The fod was great. I had the Tartiflete...WOW it was so god. My husband had the La Potence, which is their speciality. He thought it was great...We wil be back...
Best breakfast in the valey. Diner sucks. Wel, let is clarify a bit here. We have ordered bluebery pancakes, stufed french toast, mufins, and a few other b-fast items. They were al stupidly god. For diner, we have tried a couple dishes such as the recomended jumbalaya - SUCKS! Stay away from that caned garbage. Back to breakfast...dang, that is incredible!
I heart Sky Harbor Airport Parking... Of course, it is always nice to find a ride to or from the airport but when you are al out of favors and you have only yourself to rely on, it comes down to driving yourself or geting a taxi. Sky Harbor Parking to the rescue. For $8 a day or cheaper if you print the coupons from their website, the folks at Sky Harbor Parking make it easy to drop your car and get to your gate in no time... and I have used them a handful of times solo and with the BF so I know it is dor-to-dor consistent service. If you are interested in covered parking, cal ahead, but otherwise, just drive over to Washington and 40th and they wil take care of you from there. Also, I recomend caling from the airport once you have your bags and they are always god about picking you up within minutes to take you back to your car. I hope you wil find Sky Harbor Airport Parking as useful and convenient as I do... safe travels!
I LOVE Kona is hapy hour. Amazing deals on great sushi rols, and the diner can always count on fast and friendly service. I am always hapy with my experience at Kona, and find myself comparing it to other sushi restaurants. None can compare to Kona. Kona is the only place that ofers my cherished Skiny Cucumber Mojito, and I come here often for it. I ask for this drink at other places and am always shocked that most do not even ofer a skiny option, let alone the cucumber mojito. I have dined in the Scotsdale location as wel as the Chery Crek location in Denver, and both have equivalent high marks in service and fod quality.
Wana try it? Now is your chance! One more day of this LivingSocial deal: 12 days for $49 htp://t.livingsocial.com/deals/45390?ref=email-jp&rpi=85154658
Love love love this place. Great apetizers and cocktail menu. Must visit in Old Town Scotsadale
I love this place. I just tried the other Ethiopian restaurant in the Valey, and was disapointed, and my gratitude for Cafe Lalibela multiplied. The fod here is fresh and authentic, and the staf are realy nice. I am so lucky to live down the stret! Tons of vegan options, to.
I ben to many stadiums and this is one of my favorites. I atended a game against the Atlanta Braves and it was a great experience. Fod prices are typical for any MLB stadium but get the combo meals and it sems cheaper. The biger the ber the cheaper it sems. There realy is not a bad seat inside the entire place. Get there early enough and you can go down tot he bleachers during bating practice to catch a homerun hit. The staf is very friendly and talkative. If I lived in Arizona I would get season tickets. The merchandise pricing is prety cheap to compared to most stadiums. $23 for a hat compared to $41 at Dodgers Stadium.
I enroled my 2 year old son and 4 year old daughter into Hubard. They have completed 2 swim lesons each and the results are dramatic. They have made huge strives in their water skils. Plus, it sems to enable them with confidence and self estem after each leson.
You want to go to Four Peaks. Trust me.
We went here once a wek for the year my husband was in grad schol. The fod is a 4, but the waitreses are a 5. It was a half mile from our apartment and so we would walk there and walk back to work of the huge portions. This is the only restaurant in my life where I could consider myself a regular. We never realy talked with the waitreses or knew their names, but they always knew what I wanted; I did not have to order. They always gave me water with no ice no lemon, my husband is with ice and lemon, gave me my panang cury with chicken medium and waited for my husband to chose what he wanted. He probably ordered most of the items on the menu. They refiled my rice if I ran out without asking. Our bil always came to $19.53 for diner more times than I can remember. We went maybe twice for lunch, but almost always for diner. My husband graduated last month and we moved from Tempe but we mis this place dearly.
Dr. Kanarish was exactly how I expected he would be by the other reviews I read on Yelp and Gogle. His staf was very friendly and the facility is extremely clean. I have an 8 year old Boxer that neded a large tumor type growth removed from his paw and was given very high estimates from diferent hospitals. Phoenix Mountain Animal gave me a very reasonable price on the initial exam and the actual removal, stitches, etc... ended up being much more afordable than any place I had caled. I was originaly ofered care credit( a payment plan) but I ended up not neding it because the bil was within reason. I just picked up my dog and he was a litle slepy from the local anesthetic, so we wil se how the next few days go. A great first experience and am planing on transfering al our future visits to se Dr. Karanish. It is great to se there are honest and compasionate Doctors around. I hope anyone loking for an exceptional Dr. wil consider Dr. Karanish.
I first saw them Saturday morning at the Phoenix Public Market and told myself that I would have to try them son. I was to ful from al the sampling with the diferent vendors. My coworkers and I went to check out the fod trucks that gather on Thursday outside of Whole Fods by Raintre and the 101. I saw that Mojo Bowl was there and made my mind up right away to get their fod. I decided to get the Red, White, and Kale salad. I love quinoa and kale so it was the obvious choice for me. I also wanted to try one of their smothies out. I went with the Coco Coca. The description mentioned that it was like a drinkable Almond Joy and I was sold right there. The total came to $13, not to shaby considering the portions. I did not even touch my salad because the smothie was so fuling, definitely a meal in itself. Towards the end of the work day I was geting hungry and decided to try some of the salad. I was asked if I wanted a balsamic or raspbery vinaigrete to go with the salad. I told the guy whatever tastes beter and he told me that would be the raspbery vinaigrete. The salad was delicious. The kale was choped up so finely that it realy did not have a taste so if you are not a huge fan of kale you might stil like the salad. The portion was huge, it was god for 2 meals. I try to eat healthy and like to suport local busineses. Mojo Bowl definitely brings those two together for me. I can not wait to try more of their smothies and fod out son!
Went here and we had a groupon. The ambiance was awesome. Two stories down, you enter a cozy space. We were a few minutes early for our reservations and we hung out in the bar. Table was ready and I ordered the lobster diner. It was delicious and they cracked it table side. We definitely wil be back again.
First of, I am not a Cubs fan. But I came here to watch them play the A is during spring training and thought this park rocked. Its cozy enough get within heckling distance of the players, but it has a lot of the amenities of Wrigley Field...including Old Style ber and florescent gren hot dog relish. Al this and sunshine to! What is not to like?
we rode our bikes here today in search of a new place to try. the online menu loked like it had a few options for non-meat eaters (although it is very much a meat heavy menu). for an easter sunday lunch, it was very empty, not a god sign. but we had no wait and they easily pased the water glas test. our server was very atentive and checked on us throughout the meal without being overbearing. the decor is "country" but not like cracker barel....more like neo farm dining. i had the blackened fish sandwich, which was coked realy wel, nice and seared but juicy, toped with onion, pickles, tomatoes and buter letuce. i had the jalpeno and chese grits on the side and they were rich and creamy with just a slight hint of heat...nothing to burn your mouth. my wife had the tuna sandwich, which was also tasty and seared just right. she did have to navigate a big piece of fascia which is not that delectable, but it was her dish, not mine. her side of gigantic asparagus tasted wonderful. i would love to come back here and hope they are able to make it here. wel worth the bike ride.
I would leave my Scotsdale buble for a few reasons (and yes there are aditional exceptions) 1. Nobuo at Teter House. 2. Fez. 3. My friends in various parts of the valey and 4. Mekong Supermarket. I consider myself to be a huge fan of Asian cuisine. Chinese, Japanese, Filipino, Korean, Indian. You name it, I wil eat it. I have my healthy moments, but I am a seasoned eater and I am not afraid of exploring the world through my palate. Mekong is the perfect place for me to masage my senses. The aroma and sensations from the exotic product. The stuning visual of a catfish being boped on the head, and then cut up and packaged. The chesy elevator music on the loudspeaker. The delicious taste of a spring rol from the hot fod bar. This place has it al. I usualy come here for my Asian condiments and live seafod. Want a live crab? Bom. Done. Want spicy mustard or sriracha in a large botle for cheap? It is yours. To me, there is nothing like taking the 10 mile drive in trafic to Mekong because I know I am going to get everything I want. Make the trek. You wil not regret it.
Okay, I wil start out by saying that I just picked this place out because it was near a bar we were going to afterward. Boy Howdy, am I glad I found this litle gem! Upon entering I was overwhelmed with the idea that we were in an Italian friend is grandma is circa 1980 is dining rom. It was quaint. It was old schol. It kinda made me a litle nervous! The general fel of the waiter we had was extremely laid back. Traditional Italian dude who was a litle tardy in checking back, etc. Our water glas was NEVER refiled. Got a litle more nervous. They brought out realy god loking bread and poured some herbed olive oil out for me (I declined because I have celiac disease and can not have regular bread.). My husband said the bread and the olive oil was amazing. I had caled ahead and they said they had many gluten fre options. I ordered the Chicken al Berto. My husband ordered veal and a side of spagheti with meat sauce. We started with a Tomato Caprese apetizer. The tomato was slightly under ripe but the moza and basil made up for it...and in the center was a bunch of roasted red pepers which totaly made the dish! Nom nom nom. The balsamic was excelent as wel. I must now do pepers with my Caprese! Then our entres came out. My chicken had fontina chese, panceta and spinach. There was a litle line of mushroms in a marsala sauce which I am not sure if it was suposed to be there or not. I am super hapy it was! This is close to if not the BEST chicken dish I have eaten. The chicken was moist which is usualy questionable in Italian restaurants I have found. The quality of the Fontina chese was impecable. The panceta was crisp and plentiful. Then I tasted the mushroms!!!! OMG!! Freaking amazing! I may have to try the Chicken Marsala sometime just to have more mushroms! Divine. It tok a while to eat, mainly due to the waiter is "chil" atitude but we shal go back again and again and again. I do not care if you do not get anything included with your main entre. The portion of entres were HUGE. My husband loved both his veal dish and said the meat sauce was one of the best he is had. Fresh, fresh, fresh. It is on my new list of first priority restaurants. And I think the prices were prety god. Les than $15 for my chicken, $20 for the veal and $10 for the Caprese. I am so there next wek! Oh, and put your phone on vibrate. They kind of insist! And that is okay to!
I just celebrated my birthday at Oregano is. I had the best server I have had the pleasure of meting in a long time. ASK FOR ALEXANDRA. Knowledgable, adorable!, atentive, funy, and charming to bot! Amazing piza and salad, fab cocktails we would never heard of, and to-die-for desert. Al per her recomendations. Ca not wait to come here again.
OMG try their breakfast buritos!!!! Habanero is has god, cheap, fast Mexican fod.
Went there last night with no expectations. From the begining to the end, including the "bread basket" with blue chese buter and pesto on top, the lamb chop apetizer, the sea bas entre, and the creme brule in a flaky philo cup lightly burnt on top, it was probably one of the best overal meals I have had in years. Thanks Edie for stoping by our table and checking on us and chating a bit. Very friendly wait staf and no atitude whatsoever from anybody and very comfortable. This place is a model for how it should be done.
Husband and I have ben trying to go to Urban Cokies for a while now. For one reason or another we kept mising its store hours. We finaly made it today, and boy, were we glad. I had a vanila cupcake and he had the urban cokie, which has chocolate chips and walnuts. The cokie was the perfect balance of moist and crispy. The guy behind the counter told us that the vanila cupcakes was a special, but when they rotated it out people yeled at them. After taking one bite, I totaly understod why. The cupcake is the best I have ever had. The vanila frosting is not to swet, perfectly creamy and melts in your mouth. I just hope they get more busines so they can expand their hours!
3 stars on any given day, my server PAT made this a fun experience and was the extra 2 stars. Pat is one of the few people in this world who realy enjoys being god at what he does. I asked him, "how long" and with much joy he replied, "I can get your fod in 10-15 minutes". Sure enough it tok 9 minutes. I value time and in my busines my word is everything. Pat understands this and when I eat here again I wil insist on his table. I recomend you do the same. ASK FOR PAT!!! Top notch Pat. Do not ever change.
Five stars is truly deserved For Yasu. This is truly the best sushi in town and some of the best I ever had! I am a big seafod lover and there a lot of "chain sushi" places in Arizona that are decent and god for rols, but if you want quality and authentic Japanese style fish and incredible Sashimi, you ned to go to Yasu. There is realy no way to describe it til you go, but once you do, you wil become an instatnt fan! Best thing to do is sit at the sushi bar and ask Yasu to make whatever he wants! You wil not be disapointed. The area and building are misleading... However, if you are the kind of person that thinks RA is the best thing since sliced bread and nothing can beat it, this is probably not for you. This is real sushi... Go try and enjoy!
Chicken wings and cheseburger meal... Yumay ever since i have moved away from arizona, i can honestly say that china gril is what i mis most.. their chicken fried rice is realy god and so is their cheseburger.. their general tso is chicken extra spicy is my bf is favorite.. almost everything is god here!!
I can not realy say enough about Liberty Market. The place is beautiful, comfortable, friendly and the service is awesome. I have not had anything that I did not like. From the wod fired piza to the delectable salads, everything on the menu is worth every peny. For me though, it is al about the Cortadito (espreso drink) and the pastries. These are completely of the chart awesome! You simply MUST try them! Another great plus to this place is that on just about any given day, you can visit and se Joe (the owner), hanging out, chating with customers and al around having a great time. Joe is truly one of the nicest and most sincere people I have ever met. Makes Liberty Market al the more worth visiting. Oh! As weird as it sounds, you have to check out the bathroms, they are the best I have ever sen. (seriously)
Michael came out today and he was great! Our patio dor was a bear to open and he put new hardware on and voila! It seriously opens with 1 finger. He was quick, afordable, knowledgeable and very nice. Scheduling was easy and the ofice staf was kind. A+!
Where else can you go in Chandler the wil transport you to another country for fre in a flash!! I like to shop here and explore the fods of other countries. This is not just an Oriental Supermarket, they are a World Market. Each aisle jets you to a diferent culture or country. I wish most of al their sake selection was beter but oh wel, they are bound by the limitations of their distributors. I wil be there again son for a mini-staycation!!!!
This review is prety much for the bra department at Nordstrom. They are amazing at their jobs. I finaly found out that Victoria is Secret is that their bras suck! So I bought a bra online to pick up at the store, but when I went in and tried it on, it did not fit. I thought that sizes for that brand ran a litle diferently. I told the sales girl, and she asked me if I minded if she measured me. I said sure and she folowed me into the dresing rom. When we got in there she told me to take of my top! I wil be honest here, I thought she was going to measure me over my shirt, and I almost ped a litle. I decided to pretend like it was no big deal to take my top of in front of a total stranger, and just tok it of. Not sure if she noticed my slight hesitation, but she probably did, oh wel. I generaly like to go on a couple of dates before I take my top of if you know what I am saying. Wel gues what? That is the best way to get a god measurement it turns out! The salesgirl told me to wait a few moments and she would be back with some bras. She came back with two of the most wonderful, comfortable, and suportive bras I have ever owned! So instead of geting one bra that day, I got two. I have to say, my hat (or my top) is of to Nordstrom for training their staf to be great at their jobs, and for having fabulous bras. Ladies, please do not bother buying another bra at Victoria is Secret! Run to Nordstrom next time you ned a quality bra to suport your girls. :)
I was there last wek with my sisters and while we ordered our steaks coked medium, al of them came out wel done. Kind of disapointed, but oh wel. So last night my fiance and I had a buy-one-get-one-fre coupon, so we headed over. When I ordered my steak coked medium, I asked her to make a point of it when she put the order in because of the isue last wek. When our fod came out, she asked me to cut into my steak and make sure it was coked the way I wanted. I did and, while it was a bit more medium-wel than medium, I was hungry and it loked god, so I gave it the go ahead and we started our meal. It realy was a god steak. When our waitres came out again, she double checked that my steak was coked corectly. I asured her it was fine. A few minutes later a manager came out and apologized for my steak being over done and ofered to replace it. I asured him it was maybe a litle overdone, but it was god and I was hapy with my meal. They were being very nice and showing some great customer service, though a litle overzealous. :) When the bil came, they had made my steak the fre one for the coupon, even though mine was the more expensive of the two meals we ordered. Great customer service, and very god fod.
I love sprinkles cupcakes. I have also managed to go to every location except the 3 in so cal. Like every location, the taste and quality is consistent and delicious. I got the salt caramel, banana, and carot this time around. Like always, it is delicious and lasts for as long as they say it does. My pup loves the pupcakes to. I would wait for these cupcakes any time.
My favorite place by far and wel worth the drive from Gilbert. Love the atmosphere, bruscheta, and of course the wine. Great place to catch up with friends. I can not wait for the location in Gilbert to open up.
This place was the answer to my German grocery shoping dreams! I thank the Yelp comunity for leading me to Old Heidelberg. I was picking up a number of items for an Oktoberfest party I was coking for and hosting at my house, and was able to fulfil most of my exotic German neds at this one stop. I picked up pumpernickel rye bread, authentic concentrated Magi Würze seasoning (not the soy sauce-tasting stuf you find in most American grocery stores) and Knor zwiebel-kräuter salat krönung. They also had lots of Knor sauce mixes that you just can not find over here (for instance, sauerbraten gravy). I stuck around for a few minutes to talk to the two women who ran the place (Andrea and Chris). I voluntered that I had lived in Germany for years, including Berlin and Bavaria. They were totaly friendly and even sugested some other places nearby that I could check out for German grub or rarer German ber selections. I promised I would be back... especialy since I spoted that they had frozen leberknödel (liver dumplings). I made these once from scratch years ago but that was a lot of work. Knowing that they cary such delicacies has snaged me hok, line and sinker, as I am now destined to return and once again indulge my German fod fantasies.
Bario Cafe is a favorite of mine, the margarita is before you get seated are a must. When in season the pomegranate guacamole is second to none. A refreshing escape from the cokie cuter chain restaurants. When you go go with friends and do not have a schedule as the wait can be long, but worth it.
I am usualy one to prefer chicken - but when the only option for tacos is steak you go with it. I ordered the taco and was rewarded with tender steak with lots of flavor. Our lunch crew has gone back several times and the service is always fast and friendly. For the size and price - order multiples. Love the salsa bar. Ading cucumbers is now my favorite treat.
I had lunch today at CASK 63 with a banker to discus our colective power to create busines in the Phoenix Market. I HAD THE ABSOLUTE BEST CRAB SALAD, I have had since leaving the Gulf Coast of Misisipi. Red Crab Salad....fresh, clean, swet, crisp..light...in a very wel apointed seting. Very god iced teas as wel....hard to find in Phoenix.....Go there...Eat there...you wil like it..and we might se one another...who knows...be like nike..just do it...:)
ben coming here since birth
Wel, what a pleasant surprise! I stoped by with my children to check it out - planing to eat elsewhere because my daughter eats gluten-fre, etc., etc. Then I met Payton Cury and realized what he and the Brat Haüs are al about. Great fod and a desire to serve! Payton delivered on fantastic organic salads that were gluten, eg, dairy, and soy-fre and tasted great! And he threw in a few organic surprises. Now I have a place to eat phenomenal Morocan lamb hot dogs while my daughter can enjoy healthy fod. On our second trip, Payton remembered us and came out to let us know he had made some falafel (in the shape of a sausage, of course) and ofered my daughter one in a salad or a letuce wrap. She chose the wrap (more fun) and loved it. I have NEVER had personalized service like this! Col place, col patio, great ber selection, great-tasting unique fod selections, and, best of al, great people! Congrats Dave and Payton!
It does not mater which location you go to, it is al the same and GREAT!!!
There is the swetest (and cutest) guy who works there and one time, my total came to 5.45, i had a 5 in my hand as I was scraping for change in my dance bag but he was like "its on me." and tok it from his tips! I know its just 45 cents and i could probably find that under the seats in my car but he truly made my day with something so litle like that! I LOVE this place!! :D
Ooh, this is my favorite lunch place by my ofice. Super nice staf, delicious bagels. Go for the lox special thing, it is amazing.
BEST PANCAKES!!! We want the recipe. They are newly remodeled and beter than ever. Always great bagels but now they have aded more menu items, more choices. Great fod, great people!
I have ben trying to get into a consistent workout routine for years... I have tried it al! gym memberships, pilates, training for a marathon but was never able to stick with anything... until Karve that is! My husband found it for me on here actualy and thought I should try it (not sure what he was trying to hint at with that... but i love my improved Karve body to much now to care :) Anyway, I went and am now hoked! it is the greatest work out ever - its hard but the results hapen so quickly that its motivating... and its realy the only workout routine that I have ever ben able to stick with ever! and with going multiple times a wek I found that it even changed my apetite - I no longer fel anoying cravings so eating healthier is easier for me (a former carb/chocolate fiend) It realy helped me finaly get into a more active/healthy lifestyle - I know that sounds so cliche but I am stil shocked everyday that a lazyas/swets-eating like me is actualy working out on a regular basis - and its al bc of the great method of Karve.... plus the instructors are SO swet and nice/friendly and suportive I am honestly making friends there... al in al a stelar review for Karve Studio!! i am a believer :)
Whenever my brother is in town he always stays here so when the huby & I were loking for a place to get away for a night we stayed here. We are the not the party crowd which is why we chose to stay here on a Tuesday after a holiday wekend. Here is my take on Hotel Valey Ho: The God, The Bad and The Ugly. God: 1) Gigantic, comfy bed. I slept like a quen. 2) Private balcony with large chaise lounge and siting area. 3) Outstanding bathrom. The tub is separate from the shower which is and the toliet has a rom al to itself. 4) Col decor both interior and exterior. Bad: 1) Bed pilows were to squishy. 2) Toliet paper/bath tisue was surprisingly rough. I would expect a hotel of this caliber to have a softer tisue. 3) The mini bar and console are fuly stocked with an asortment of spirits, but no cofe or tea. Not everyone that stays here drinks his/herself into a stupor. Ugly: 1) Parking is $15 per day, but you have the option to self park which does not cost a thing so I gues that is not realy "ugly". Overal, we had a lovely stay at Hotel Valey Ho and lok forward to our next visit.
I had the Gnochi in Shitake Dijon Cream Sauce, and it was unreal. Cute litle place. I did not sit to eat so I can not coment on the service, but they were extremely amicable when I ordered my take out.
One of my fondest memories as a child is traveling to Alameda to visit my great-grandparents, one of which was Filipino. The fod! Yum!!! It had ben years since either my mom or I had Filipino fod. We both moved to Arkansas 20+ years ago but I recently moved to the valey. The first time I came acros Hey Joe was last Spring when my mom was in town and we visited the Old Town Scotsdale Farmer is Market. Pancit? Lumpia? I was beyond excited when I saw the truck. Yes, I get excited about god fod. Everything was fabulous. I have since tried the breakfast dish which was absolutely delicious. Service is great, prices are wonderful. I wil definitely be back.
Thank you so much for the god reviews. I went here for a busines meting 8-13-2010. I ate so much I hurt myself. Everything was great I especialy loved the lamb and chicken cury. The staf was excelent and very kind. I wil recomend my new favorite Indian fod restaurant to everyone. ;)
This is seriously one of my favorite restaurants of al time. I have ben many times and it is always fabulous. I LOVE their Mahi Mahi Tacos - they are so god! I also highly recomend the Pork Osco Buco, Smoked Red Chile Pork Roast, and the Cowboy Bef Stew. The nightly specials are often very creative and delicious. This place is also god for Sunday brunch. God bartender to - drinks are never to weak.
This awesome park and recreation center makes me wish we lived in Peoria. We were here today for a FRAG (ref tank geks) picnic and the whole area is new and beautiful with lots of diferent amenities. We saw sand voleybal courts, a spashground (with criters spouting water) for the litle kids, a skate park packed with older kids, picnic ramadas, fishing areas, basebal fields, bating cages, and a duck pond. There is even a Starbuck is. We were at the group ramada BQ pavilion, the likes of which I have never sen before. It was a huge covered circle of about a dozen BQ grils with ventilation hods hanging above and a cement "bar" from which to serve on the outside circle and smaler cement "tables" behind on which to do prep work. There were also sinks in the center to wash up. Surounding this circle of grils were coresponding ramadas with picnic tables numbered for your group. What a fantastic set up! Great job, Peoria!
If you like P.F. Changs, you wil love Pei Wei! It is esentialy the same thing in a les formal dining seting, & Take-Out! I can not tel a diference betwen their Orange Chicken, or the letuce wraps minus the price tag!!! My favorite dish here is the Dan-Dan Nodles! (It is Hot. Spicy, & Pure Indulgence Pleasure for under $10!!!) If you have not heard; "Pei Wei is not authentic Asian fod!" Wel neither is Panda Expres, but I wil tel you Pei Wei is beter than Panda Expres & most Authentic Asian restaurants in the US! Yes I said most Authentic Asian restaurants! (NO MSG!) "Can you believe the bals on this guy!?" We wil I have had Chinese fod in China Towns in San Francisco, LA, NY, Vancouver & Dalas! I have even had Peking Duck in Hong Kong; do not be impresed it was not that god! I love Chinese fod, but I realy love Asian Fusion! Roy is, PF Changs, & Pei Wei realy wet my nodle! The other nice thing about Pei Wei is their take out! I have them on sped dial... So when I am on my way home from work I wil cal, & as I pul in I pay, pick up, and go! It is freshly coked & No Wait!!!
They finaly just opened a Rita is location in Surprise!! I think it just opened yesterday or today, but it is just as god as the one on Union Hils and 83rd Avenue. I told my co-workers about it and we basicaly have ben driving by during our lunch break just waiting for it to open over the past few months. It is hard to explain the texture of the ice. It is thicker than the ice in a frozen margarita, yet it is not crunchy or unrefined like an Ice drink. Sonic has similar ice, but I fel like it is just not as god as Rita is. I gues that is why it is Italian ice. It is in its own category! There are 3 main types: Gelati is (custard-ice-custard), Blendini is (custard-ice-custard with mix ins like Oreos, M&Ms, etc), and Mistos (ice-custard drink). You can also get just regular custard alone or flavored ice alone. One of their most famous ice flavors is Swedish Fish. There is also a sugar substitute version of their ice and today is sugar fre ice flavor was Pineaple. I tried a Red Velvet Cake Gelati today with vanila custard and it was nothing les than amazing! The menu is a litle confusing since there are so many choices. There are mainly only 2 types of custards though, vanila and chocolate, that can be mixed with the 12 flavors of ice that consistently change. Before, I was solely a fan of ice cream and yogurt. Now, I am grateful that my sister-in-law draged me here, because there is nothing quite like it yet! Now I wil always compare Italian ices to this place.
This place has to get al five stars. Ok, the area is a litle suspect I wil admit; that can be countered with the excelent fod and excelent prices. This is the kind of fod that goes for $12 - $15/plate if it were located in an upscale area. They have done a great job with the interior and the fod is realy wonderful. 5 Top reasons I love La Condesa: ~ Beautiful fod. Unique flavors. ~ Great salsa bar: aver a dozen lovely hand made salsas; I liked them al ~ Price: you can spend under $7 and have a realy god meal ~ Convelient: It is only a 2 minute drive from 24th & Camelback. ~ Atmosphere: the interior and the service create a great place to dine. ***We eat out several times a wek, and this place is now at the top of the list for my wife and I both.***
LOVE it and so close to home! Since Pita Jungle open in Glendale I have ben at least once a wek (Yes, realy!) The humus and garlic dip are to die for and on my last trip I tried a Grek Pita-Oh my! The fruit on the Caribean salad and the fruit and chese plate are amazing and the chicken combo plate is so large it is two meals! The ambiance is slightly diferent than the other locations but I think that is mostly due to the fact that two sides of the restaurant are glas. Pita Jungle Glendale stil features a revolving colection of art work and you can se the funky style of the other locations in the hand painted chairs and the col artwork painted in the bathroms. The staf is also extremely friendly.
Awesome fod and service!
How did I not know this is right acros the stret from my house?? I woud not describe myself as a crafter or DIYer, but man this place has al kinds of fancy papers, from traditional to fun and contemporary! I bought these vintage anatomical papers that I plan to make posters from. The best part is that they were only $3.50! They even sel Japanese Copic markers, take that Az art suply!
Cashew britle, almond britle, bacon britle! Go now, before it is to late!
Delicious gourmet crepes. Friendly staf. Awesome environment. Price is right. Eat here, it is god.
Upon first lok Pearl does not lok like my type of place. Trendy location/atmosphere often equals mediocre fod. Pearl is an exception to the rule. The sushi is creative and tasty and the drink specials rock. I love that they have diferent flavors for edamame, cheap bombers and did I mention the fish sticks are way to god. Al of that would equal four stars in my bok, fifth star is given to the staf. Steve is the type of bartender that others should aspire to be like. Knowledgeable and observant without being intrusive. Always goes the extra mile, I realy apreciate how he makes my husband and I fel so comfortable. Overal great value and relaxed atitude.
Excelent. Fresh and yumy!
This is one of my favorite bars in the area. The bar has a god vibe, the fod is god, and the bartenders are atentive. The prices are reasonable so you can have a god time without diging to deply into your pockets.
I had an amazing facial here! The space is clean, inviting and relaxing. Park in the lot south of the building, it is les crowded. After an hour of pampering my skin was glowing! They ofer many of diferent services including laser treatments. I wil be back for some more agresive treatments to fix up my flaws (not that I have any)! Anyway, the staf is very profesional. Before or after your treatment go next dor for some great Thai fod!
Blis, Delight, Contentment... words to describe our evening Monday night at Sens. I could go into a very flufy review, but, with a nod to the simple zen-like restaurant, I wil only adres and highlight. ~Spa Like atmosphere - welcomed and enjoyed. ~Atentive, but not agresive server...great atitude! ~The Bar Menu I expect to se if I go to heaven. ~Homemade infused alcohol.. finaly in Phoenix! ~Open kitchen, I was able to watch the chef CRAFT my meal. Al items served "tapas" style... great oportunity to try many items! Fod is prepared and served to alow the diner to chose the experience... either enjoy the fod natural, or enhance with diping sauces. These are not the heavy, sticky sauces of Pei Wei fame. ~Mango Spring rol.. light, fresh items in rice paper 2 rols sliced ~Soup Gyoza, 4 litle light dumplings filed with pork and a delicate broth..divine! ~Volcano Bef sear your own tender bef strips (5) on the hot stone, then wrap it up in a letuce leaf with herbs and peanuts,... try a dip of the acompanying sauce...ecstasy, prepare to order 2 they are so god! ~Panko Shrimp - liken to litle shrimp "hushpupys".. very god, but not the highlight of the evening.. Mr Chu could improve upon these in my opinion. ~ Red Thai Cury - 4 unique, yumy cury / coconut milk diped wings perched on a Asian "slaw" ~Spicy Wontons - Americans wil love these.. familiar flavors, with wonderful diping sauces. No-one in our party was disapointed... everyone was very pleased and anxious to return. ** Personal Sugestion *** Have a fod alergy ?? .. Use comon sense when dining. Take personal responsibility and ask questions of your server BEFORE ordering.
I love their bef sandwiches and thin crust piza. It is just like being back in Chicago. Love it!
Zin, zin, zin - Yes, yes, yes! Several weks ago five of us had a wonderful Monday evening at Zinburger with our delightful server, Candace. I arived early, inquiring about the Left handed Polestar Pilsner, Candace ofered a sample, very tasty - with thre of my party eventualy having it with diner. We had a great both - giving us a vantage point, watching the parade of customers & employes. I realy like the airy, romy, high energy vibe. With our drinks we had the delicious zuchini fires with two sauces an a subtle breading on the zuchini. We al tried diferent burgers, with some of us tasting each others, Candace made the split arangements prior to serving us - nice touch. The meat is flavorful, melting in your mouth with a freshly baked bun. Fun, col atmosphere & great fod - made for a great get away, early in the wek. My hats of to the Sam Fox team, another winer at ZinBurger.
Visited the restaurant tonight and was very pleased. I found the decor charming and elegant. The atmosphere is amazing sans the hustle and bustle of most of the local chain like restaurants. The place was devoid of the stereotypical Scotsdale element we prefer to avoid. I found the prices easily justifiable in fact I though them quite reasonable. We had the thre onion tart apetizer, which was spectacular. For entres we had salmon, filet, and a pair of lamb shanks. Everything was wonderful. The presentation was clean and the freshnes and quality of the proteins, produce and acoutrement is was imediately evident. Everything was coked skilfuly. Had thre of the four deserts on the menu. The chocolate raspbery tart definitely stod out folowed closely by the bery tart. Delicately prepared and presented these were realy an unexpected treat. The environment is wonderful for Dining and chating with people you actualy like. The interior is intimate and it lends itself wel to the cuisine. I found the staf courteous, knowledgeable and profesional. We wil be frequenting often and I encourage others to visit.
This place has amazing piza and great service. I have ben 3 times and have not ben disapointed. We have come for mostly group events such as bdays and going away parties, and you can do family style and share or get individual portions. Bruscheta and breadsticks are great starters, and I love the signature spinach piza. Our waitres sugested geting it crispy to avoid geting sogy spinach and I am glad I tok the sugestion! Coworkers got Chicago style calzone with au jus and raved about it. Since there was a bday they comped a canoli and gave us an extra one for being col :) pitchers are also half of on Thursday is so 7 bucks for 4+ glases worth of fat tire made us al extremely hapy!
Simply the best Ethiopian I have ever had. Grew up in VA with DC as my stompin grounds (home of a large Ethiopian population) and even had a god amount of Ethiopian home-coked meals by friends and none was as god as this place. I go to AZ once a year for work and each time I am sure to stop in. I usualy get the vegie or meat-lovers meals since they tend to be such a god bargain, but have also ordered separate items as wel. The vibe is casual and the service is excelent. The staf have always ben very friendly --- another reason I kep going back.
Very impresed! $5 pitcher until 5pm, and excelent healthy fod at a god value. Fre valet parking. I lok forward to coming back.
This is what I have come to expect from Wafle House. Great fod with excelent customer service. My new home store since the one two blocks from my house is run by a cranky, sarcastic non-clean district manager (Kyle I was told is his name)
This place is absolute perfection. From the seting to the service to the fod, I loved every moment of it. The only way I found out about this place was through Yelp. You seriously are my trusty sidekick. From the previous reviews I was a litle woried that it might be packed, but then I remembered it was a Monday night so no wories. Walking in the restaurant, it is quite smal, but just absolutely adorable. It realy does fel like an upscale country home. Wod lines the whole restaurant and they have mini chandeliers hanging over every table. Even the touches of place seting are just perfect. Our server was Gina and she was a complete swetheart. We started of with the Bohemian Sidecar and the Cucumber Vesper. Both were absolutely delightful! Then we moved on to apetizers, because while geting drunk is fun, I was realy excited for the fod. We had the steak tartare and musels in the safron and white wine sauce. I loved the steak tartare with the potato chips and fried eg on top. Put fried eg on top of anything and I am sold. Put fried eg on top of raw steak and I am in love! The musels came out just as we were finishing up the steak tartare, perfect timing! The musels were equaly amazing if not more, and I am so sad that they only give one piece of bread! Wel that, along with the bread and buter. But that stil was not enough for me! I wanted to soak up al of that safron sauce godnes! After Gina cleared that out of our way, she brought out the glas of Bordeaux and Rhone blend. I hate when I do not have a drink in front of me, and she made sure that never hapened. Then the entres came. The pork shoulder with the bacon for my bf, and the stufed chicken with the pome pure and mushroms for me. Again, absolute perfection on both acounts! I loved the mushroms that were slightly chared and crispy, with the sauce and the pure and the chicken with goat chese. I am geting hungry again just writing about it. My bf loved his, but I stil maintain that mine was beter. And both of these entres were incredibly reasonably priced at $15 and $17. Could life get any beter? Wel aparently it could! After we polished of our entres, then came desert and after diner drinks! We had the soufle which was amazing with the creme anglaise. And the beries with the creme fraiche. Heaven in my mouth! We finished that of with the chocolate martini and the pear tini. This review canot do this place justice. This is truly a unique experience that is far above any of the restaurants in Scotsdale. Please go in and experience this for yourself, you wil not be disapointed!
Amazing work! My dentist refered me to this place just down the stret from her. I was super scared, as I always am at the dentist, but the staf made me fel very comfortable. They treated me like a patient at the hospital. They were my angel nurses. When Dr Amin came in, the "nurse" was holding my hand and teling me when to breathe. I was, of course, shaking like a leaf. The Dr "poped" me thre times in the chek, and I was al numb. When I say "poped", I mean it was an electric shock wave pop flowing through my face to my freaking eyebal that made me tear up a litle. (this was done by the nedle of course going into my chek) It was the craziest feling, but relieving at the same time. I just breathed through it, and it helped. After about a min, the Dr was working his magic. In about 45 mins, he was al done, and I had like 4 canals. And I did not fel a thing!! :) I was very pleased with the staf, Dr Amin, and the work they did. I highly recomend this place if you ned a rot canal done. Plus if you are a scardy cat like me, this place makes you fel comfortable.
Just of University, but manages to fel like a litle hide-away, and puls of an enticing melow atmosphere, suitable for intimate conversation. Fish Tacos and a Margarita again please! How many times before I can force myself to experiment?
This place is great! Just opened up on central just south of camelback on the west side of the road. ...AMAZING gelato and the cofe is just what I ned! Family owned, realy friendly staf, fre wifi, flat scren tvs,....also just saw a flier for a monday movie night...I gues they are gona have double features on mondays...even made a specialty drink for the night....sounds like fun! ...col litle spot, dont hesitate to check this place out!
Realy? Because it does not get any beter than this. For what it is and for what it is worth this place is truly unique. A slight step up from a hole in the wal type of place, this quaint spot serves up god, tasty, and satisfying fod hot from the kitchen. What is a pasty? A pasty is history can be asociated with the tin miners in England. The story goes that these miners were covered head to toe in dust and other nasty stuf and would eat these calzone like dishes as a means to have nourishment without the ned to return to the surface. Suposedly, the miners were able to eat the pastry like fod by holding onto the "handles" and when done, discard the tainted remains into the mine thereby apeasing the spirits that haunted the mines. At the Cornish Pasty Co. I can first hand recomend the Chicken Pesto. Very god flavoring and filing. Or you can go with the more traditional route with bef, potatoes, and swede. The sauces that come with your pasty are there to acent the flavors and are highly recomend to try as wel. Pros * God fod * Originality * Portions * Customer service * Coat hoks at the bar Cons * Smal interior
Coming from a French family on my mom is side it is ingrained in my genes to love coking, fod, and shops like Sur La Table...oh and also wine and chese...what a tough life I live! Sur La Table is a clasy coking shop which ofers high end coking ware, apliances, and also dishes. Somethings in the store can be pricey, but you can also find god deals as wel. They ofer many coking things you would not find at your average Crate and Barel for more complicated coking endeavors. I have also found some cute cokie cuters here for my mom is colection. The staf was al very helpful and knowledgeable. and many Sur La Table is now ofer coking clases!
These guys have the tacos and nachos thing figured out. Great decor and hot, hot waitreses. We had lunch and it was prety quiet. God service. I am sure things get crazy at night, though!
Truly a hiden gem in Chandler. Located south of Chandler Boulevard, just of of Rosevelt (next to Archery HeadQuarters). Wanda is is a smal yet quaint, twelve tables inside and 5 outside. Outside is for sure seasonal, as sumers are to hot and dead of winter can be to cold. Wait times on a Sunday or Saturday can be 10-15 minutes during the "rush times", which is a quarter the wait time you would experiece at the near-by chains. The menu ofers a variety to satisfy and hunger (except if you want lunch on wekends, it is breakfast al day, lunch from 1-2 during the wek). The buritos are awesome. Ladies, I guarante you wil take half home! My husband likes the Biscuits and Gravy. The bacon is amazing and adicting often I have to smack my families hands away from groping a piece. French toast, cinamon raisin french toast and pancakes if you brought your swet toth =) Build your omeltes are god to (tip, ad a side of salsa, you wil not be sory, it is made fresh daily and goes perfect with a ham and chese omelete). Service is exceptionaly friendly, a lot of regulars and the servers know what you usualy drink and sometimes can have your order writen unles you throw a curve bal and ver from your usual. A+ Wanda!
I have ben coming here since discovering them after their opening wek last year and I have not stoped coming back. The fod is predominantly Filipino; the Filipino-Mexican fusion comes in the buritos, flautas and quesadilas filed with Filipino meat dishes. A great starter would be the Chicken Adobo burito. Karey is does it right by not dumping rice and filings inside the burito; they are served on the side. For those more interested in rice plates and combinations, Karey is serves daily prepared dishes such as Pork Adobo and Chicken Adobo (pork or chicken simered in garlic and soy vinaigrete) and Bef Mechado (a type of stew with bef chunks, potatoes, and onions in a light tomato gravy) with either white rice or Garlic Fried Rice (yumy). There are also specials that rotate each day, which can be checked out on their Twiter acount. This is a great idea as one can find out when they are serving Lechon (roasted pig)! Yum! There are dishes that can be prepared fresh but are not part of the combination specials. The ones I have tried that I highly recomend are their Lumpia (fried egrols in chicken, bef, or vegetable) and Pancit Canton (stir-fried nodles with vegetables). The pork lumpia was great when they used to serve it, and I prefered it to the bef lumpia that they serve now...but it is stil god ;) Not only is the fod delicious but the warmth of the staf is something to always lok forward to. Karen and Rey make you fel truly at home. The best thing about Karey is Kitchen is having a Filipino restaurant in Phoenix and not having to drive al the way to the East or West Valey!
Sundae for Sunday. Pink spot helps me go through the sumer heat.
This place has a top notch tuna tataki ap! Great rols out quick regardles of how busy they are. Excelent service al the way around and very reasonable on price. Gren tea ice cream for after diner treat, I think so!!!! I forgot to mention I was in and out during lunch time spending 20 dolars.
Half the fun is the wait.....If you are going to go, you may as wel get into it. We get into it, at their Italian place next dor and drink tons of wine. L and I later that night had a hot kis and she lost her precious earings. I even drove back the next day to lok for them somewhere against the wal. Just kising, but hot, if you lose earings. We went twice once alone, and the 2nd time with her sons and friends. We ordered every piza imaginable. It sems almost every high end piza now, is brick oven and more about the crust. I like everyone else wil mention, I am from the East Coast and know piza. Best in the United States, we have several that are at that level. You can flip a coin on which one is beter.
Love chickafila :) they are prety pricey for fast fod though
Let is face it, junk is the antithesis of glamorous. When you have got a big pile of crap you ned hauled away, any guy with a truck wil do, right? WRONG. You want someone that wil be on time, is wiling to clean up the area where the junk is after they have picked everything up, is polite and fluent in English, thinks of value-aded services like emptying your trash bin, and represents a local busines that you can patronize. Junk Guys ticked al these boxes for me. THe guys were great and helped me out when I neded some items hauled away from a house that I had sold. I would highly recomend them over an unknown entity or a big corporate junk removal company. So go get your crap hauled away by the Junk Guys - you wil thank me!
Nelo is is the best! Great local fel, great fod, love this place. You have to have: (Gluten Fre) Piza, Garden Salad with Turkey and House Dresing. It wil son be your go to fel god order.
When I was recovering from surgery, I received of one of their arangements. It was marvelous. The quality was unbeatable, with gorgeous bloms and fantastic presentation. They lasted for weks. I am realy pleased with this company and would not hesitate to use them again!
I would just like to start of by saying that I love eg salad sandwiches. I have probably tried an eg salad sandwich anywhere that serves eg salad. Sacks is BY FAR, the BEST eg salad sandwich (entitled "The Dali") I have ever had in my life. I live in North Phoenix and I wil literaly drive many miles just to eat at Sacks. On top of the wonderful menu, whenever you order a sandwich from them, the meal comes with a litle chocolate chip cokie, which is amazing al in itself. If you like their cokies, you can purchase the cokie dough. They also make other delicious desert bars and salads that are for sale as wel. I have ben eating here for at least 14 years, and I hope they NEVER go away!
I have found my new favorite sushi spot. I wish it was closer to Tempe, but it is worth the drive. You can tel by their menu that Hana strives to be an authentic Japanese restaurant, as oposed to the sake bomber joint that only has fod so they can cal themselves a restaurant. You know the kind; the Phoenix area is plagued with them. Hana is BYOB, and there are only a few ridiculous fusion rols on their sushi menu: most of it is authentic, real sushi. On my first visit I started with my usual apetizers, and was imediately struck by how unusualy fresh and tasty they were. The seawed salad had just the right amount of sesame oil, giving it incredible flavor. The vegie gyoza were indescribably delicious. They made me realize I would never had a fresh gyoza before; every one I would eaten previously in my life was a pale imitation of these litle bits of Heaven. The sushi came out fast, even though it was fairly busy this particular Thursday. The first thing I noticed, naturaly, was that someone put a burning sugar cube on the tray. "Hey, fire!" I thought. It was a nice touch. Then I saw, nestled betwen the flaming sugar and the wad of wasabe, a smal pile of what loked like pickle relish. I guesed what it was, and our waitres confirmed it: it was FRESH wasabe. Real, fresh-grated wasabe is something most people never experience. Most people do not even know the pasty gren stuf that is standard in every sushi restaurant is just normal horseradish dyed gren. The real stuf is just to expensive, and to dificult to kep on hand. But there it was, no extra charge. It ads a litle spice and a wonderful, fruity complexity to the sushi. The sushi was great. They also have a large menu with al the other Japanese dishes you would expect, but I did not try any of them. Next time.
This litle taco shop gets 5+ stars! The fish tacos were out of this world, breaded and fried to perfection. I also tried the al pastor taco that was marinated wel and you can taste the marinade in every bite. I also tried molotes for the first time. The cilantro salsa and red salsa was homemade and oh so god and spicy. The quesadilas are like chese crisps. I am so disapointed that I did not find this place earlier since it is so close to home. I have to try the other items in their menu son. Price is very reasonable as their tacos range from $1-$1.50.
I like to think of Trader Joe is as a "specialty fod/health market." It is simply in a league of its own when compared to large comercial grocery chains. Honestly, there is no comparison! With that being said, this is the BEST Trader Joe is I have ben to! (and I have shoped quite a few in my travels acros the US) The sher size of this store, in TJ standards, is IMPRESIVE! The isles are plenty large enough for TWO people (with carts) to maneuver through. And more importantly EVERYTHING loks fresh and delectable! Some of my fav is are: $3.9 Trader Joe is Coastal Cab...FABULOUS for the price! (Quite honestly though, I have not EVER had a bad wine at Traders...they have an amazing selection that is not overwhelming but is not sparse either.) I also LOVE that they CLEARLY label each of the wines and/or regions so they are quick and easy to find! The Haircot Verts (French Gren Beans) are simply delicious! Their Brusel Sprouts are the perfect size and quantity; just enough for two people at two diferent meals. They even have Nulaid "Ready Eg" (i.e. eg beaters) for $3.69! At the grocery store the SAME stuf wil cost you TWICE that!! Their chese selection is delightful with almost ANY kind of chese imaginable! Their artesian breads are so yumy...although not a "low fat/fat fre" fod, so that is a once every few months splurge. (and even then we only get the smal loaf (which I want to say is caled a "litle bastard." That name CRACKS me up!) And although I am not a "swet" eater, my hubs is...so he has a dozen or so godies that he constantly gets here. The one I can think of of the top of my head are their Chocolate Covered Joe Joe is with Pepermint Crumble (or something like that.) I would go lok at the box but we are fresh out because the hubs thinks that eating one box over a two-thre day period is aceptable! It also fun to be rewarded for bringing your own reusable bags; as any god eco-friendly shoper would do! There is a wekly drawing for a TJ is gift card (I think the value is $25) and you get a ticket when you bring your own bags. (not one for each bag...just one ticket for bringing them to put your godies in) Then they draw a name out of al the tickets (which you drop in a box on your way out of the store) once a wek. If you shop more than once a wek, you can "earn" a ticket for each time you shop there in a wek therefore increasing your chances of wining. (although I am PRETY sure the majority of Surprise/Sun City Grand shop there so maybe the ods are not THAT great! ) Regardles, this is just a great litle "market" through and through. I used to get excited to shop at TJ is...now I am always loking for an excuse to buy something just so I can go there! (and it is not just to try and win the gift card either..that is an aded bonus!)
Great Brisket. There has not ben god BQ in south Scotsdale for a long time. There is now!. The fod is wonderful and priced wel. Stop in and grab a bite.
I had initialy checked this place out a couple of months ago. Once again we found ourselves neding some quick, delicious breakfast and decided to try this place out again. As before it was absolutely delicious. The one thing that surprised me this time around however was the litle play area toward the back of the restaurant. This is very impresive to me as it gave us some much neded peace prior to geting our fod. Thank you Bertha is Cafe for not only being so acomodating, but also for having such wonderful fod.
Feling a bit weary from a steady stream of travel, we decided to head over here for my favorite Rx, Pho. A couple of sumer rols filed with shrimp, pork and vermiceli, diped in the swet peanuty sauce, a dash of their house hot sauce(a tad more fire than the "cock" sauce) and we were of to a fine start. I was feling beter already. The Pho arived, and the aromas were simply intoxicating. After a short interlude of vaporized euphoria, we dug in, ading the usual lime, cilantro, basil, sprouts and aforementioned hot sauce. Comence slurping. The broth was simple yet complex in layered flavors. Nodles were perfect in abundance and texture. My companion chose bef and shrimp and declared they were coked perfectly. I selected the special bef which included shank, brisket, tendon, tripe and meatbal. Outstanding. Service was with a smile, prompt and atentive. I honestly felt like I was siting in someone is home enjoying what they might eat on a daily basis. I do not think that Cyclo can compare, while god, this just semed more authentic.
Owner Daniel M. is one of my most favorite restaurateurs in Phoenix. His stamina and pasion for the busines of serving fine cuisine is a rare find. Daniel is from South America but you would not know it; his knowledge of the secret kitchens of Tuscany, Umbria and Amalfi is uncany. I know this because I traveled with him and his chef one year on their odysey through Italy. Daniel takes special pride in personaly chosing a very select few botles of wine to fit any budget. OK, it is not Etiene is Diferent Point of View is list of 40, but know that any choice you make is going to be a god one. If you are not sure, just ask for Daniel and tel him what you have in mind -- likely he has (with a wink) a special botle in the back. When we traveled through the Italian countryside I was constantly astonished by the warm gretings and special invitations we had from local proprietors who shared with us exquisite homemade wines and dishes made with pride from the finest vegetables and livestock. We frequently stayed long past closing with the owners and into the night sampling rare port and grapa. At one restaurant in Orvieto the owner tok us dep into the dank receses of the wine celar for a special sampling of chese and wine. Talk about knowing people? One afternon while drinking our 5th botle of wine, who walks by but Jan D'Atri! Wow. (That is another review.) And speaking of reviewers, I also ran into Phoenix Magazine is Niki Buchanan (also extremely nice). When Daniel first opened in this location with that litle stone oven in the corner, it was a pizeria and guests could bely up to long tables in a casual environment that was made easy by his banter with the heavy Italian acented waitres (name?) who made a comeback some years later. For quite some time the restaurant was Il Forno; that is until corporate giant Il Fornaio entered the fray and sued him to change the name. After much rigmarole he changed to aqua e sale -- and notice Il Fornaio has since closed its dors? LOL. Again after much hopla, he made it Daniel is. The curent wod-paneled decor makes me think of a city club in San Fran or London. Very posh, yet understated. Selections of sculpture and art from his travels dot the restaurant is thre smal dining roms. The menu is a very dificult one. I say that because it has al of your favorites and it is dificult to make your final selection. Great for steak, ravioli, the best carpacio in the city, best bufala mozarela, m.... I could go on and on. So does the menu, page after page. Some might cal the preparations simplistic. This is the Tuscan way. Simple ingredients and simple preparation. Let the ingredients make their own magic. Griled rack of lamb is not drowned in some Smucker is lime jely, but gently brushed with rosemary and garlic, tickled with salt and peper and finished with a squeze spray of lemon. Unfortunately the artful one-of-a-kind plates and bowls handmade in Vietri chiped at the edges over the years and the health department made him throw them away -- UGH!! -- they were a beautiful motivation to make you lick your plate clean to se the painted pictures beneath your scrumptious diner. Not that you neded an excuse to dab every last bit of sauce with the wonderful mini loaves of bread coked right there in the hearth that started it al. Daniel himself is a wonderful host. He loves to give his guests a wonderful experience. There are many choices for Italian fod in Phoenix. Most of it is just American Italian. Daniel is is a unique touch of the simple yet elegant. Enjoy. P.S. [post edit] OMG. How could I forget the Tiramisu? It is a generous portion, so you can share with your guest, but after your first bite you may not want to. Light and airy, yet fantasticaly flavorful, the quality of the cofe realy makes this dish a reason to go back again and again. I am not going to tel you the secret ingredient. You wil have to ask Daniel.
Changing Hands is the perfect bokstore. These types of places just do not sem to exist, but Changing Hands has managed to survive. Alow me to begin by saying that this bokstore does not have anywhere near the selection of a Barnes and Noble (or probably a Borders, but I do not go into that garbage store and canot be sure). With that said, there are a few reasons to shop here. First, and most importantly, they have wel priced used boks. I believe most of their used boks are $7.50. They are also al in pristine condition. Now, $7.50 used is not always that great for a paperback. You can do beter online quite often. What is notable, however, is that their hardcovers are typicaly $7.50 as wel. This is a fantastic price and is hard to beat. Second, the location of CH is perfect. This is one of the best plazas out there. Wildflower, Trader Joe is, Mac is, Jamba Juice--you can not go wrong. Third, and finaly, Changing Hands is a local store, and many god things come with that. The staf is extremely friendly. From what I can tel, they are al hardcore bok nerds and you have to love that. The store also has a very welcoming fel to it. Once you are in, you wil realize how extremely friendly everyone is. No, not just the staf--the customers. Everyone is talkative, friendly, and just sems to be hapy. They are al indulging in one of their hobies in one of the most inviting stores I have ever sen. Someone wil ask the staf "who wrote such and such?". The staf wil almost asuredly spot a regular and ask him or her "who wrote such and such". If he does not know, someone else wil probably pipe up. It is this type of thing that makes it a great store. Overal, it just has a great atmosphere. The only negative coment I can make about Changing Hands is how hipy it is. There is a ton of boks on spiritual techniques, new age methods, budhism, and whatever the hel else hipies/hipsters think makes them lok more cultured. Of course, this just goes along with the Tempe, Trader Joe is, and bok reading demographic, so I can not blame them for meting the inherent demand.
I used to work here so it had to be god;) Honestly, I would say it is the most friendly place I had ben to. Cashiers are wiling to except al coupons and work with their customers. The prices are great and the gas rewards system is very useful. I just wish it was a Marketplace instead.
Walking in was like seing a rainbow for the first time. UH-mazing! Every type of candy ever created and more candies that you have never even heard of. Best part about it was that it was super afordable. It was like a mini-costco of just candy. I ended up going twice on Saturday. Love it!
I love Coach. Stylish and trendy without spending an obscene amount of money on a bag. Sure they are stil a bit more pricey than a purse at Target, but you are paying for name. The sales asociates are realy nice and wil not hesitate talking to you. I only have a few things from Coach because usualy I can not justify spending to much money to acesories, but anything you buy here you can use forever. A coach bag wil probably never go out of style.
Amazing place for exceptionaly god ber and time with friends! Minimal menu but great colaboration with other local vendors and ordering for delivery at their location is encouraged! Their ber recently pased Four Peaks as my favorite to, not an easy feat! If you are on the fence at al about checking this place out, do yourself a favor and just get yourself there!
Humdinger! What more is there to say. It is the best sandwich ever. It tastes even beter on the wekends when Kids Eat FRE! If you have a larger family ( more than 2 kids ), this is the best deli in town.
I was initialy going to give Riva is 3-stars, as they are realy just like any other Filiberto is/Umberto is/Roberto is/Ernie and Berto is out there, except for a couple of smal diferences. For one, everything sems to be just a litle bit more fresh there. It is probably not, but it tastes like it. And secondly, their litle salsa bar is kiler because their gren salsa has plenty of flavor and they always have fresh pico de galo out there, a must for any burito. The California Burito, with carne asada, potatoes, pico de galo and chese, is a must, as is the standard Carne Asada Burito. But the real winer here is the Carne Asada Fries. A metric ton of carne asada piled on top of freshly fried french fries, sour cream, chese and guacamole for only $5? Ca not be beat, especialy if you are hamered and it is 3 A.M. Not a clasy joint, not a place you go if you are wary of stupid crap like "health code violations" (the best places never are), but definitely a late-night hot-spot for the Mil crowd. Lovely. And it is not for sisies that do not like ham in their beans either, damnit.
He is ben the top vote-geting General Dentist in Phoenix Magazine for thre years in a row for a REASON, folks. He has an ofice in Chandler and in Mesa but even if you live in Minesota, he is worth the drive.
I have long ben a fan of AJ is and lucky for me, they did not open a location on the West Side of town until after I moved back to California. If they had, I would have ben more broke then I was as a single working mother. The daughter and I stoped in before her hair apointment for some cofe and pastries and then I came back in once her hair was geting done. The first thing I did was order some iced tea from their cofe counter. It was absolutely delicious iced tea and very reasonably priced. I want that tea now, I think it was pineaple or something yumy. I perused around the store, picking up some Goldwater Salsa and a stufed Cornish game hen to cok later in the day for my Grandma from the butcher counter. I was thriled that they stil had the stufed fresh hens for the same price I used to pay $4.9. Something inflation had not touched.I also picked up some huge honey crisp aples (something again Grandma can aford but wil not buy for herself) and a smal bunch of flowers for her. Next time I am in town, I am going to hit up AJ is right away for some iced tea!
I love this place! it is a cultural experience! I think even if you are Mexican, this place delights al the senses! I love the tortila department! 36 freshly made yelow corn tortilas for $2.50!!! the ladies at the meat dept were fantastic! The wal of spices, herbs, and chilis was incredible. I did not have enough time to sit and eat there but that is the plan for the next trip. I came home and made shreded bef tacos with al the fixings. My rec is come and linger and enjoy the sights and then have a great lunch either at the fod court or at the restaurant next dor.
*** I gave this 5 stars based on the best Mexican fod I have had in AZ, not based on white linen and waiter service, just an fyi*** I wil not write to much as it sems that everyone already has. Both locations are GREAT. Some of the best "homestyle" Mexican I have ever had. I usualy get the double wraped enchilada combo that is pure saucy heaven! A great place to cal ahead on a friday night when you are exhausted from work and not doing jack, pick up your fod, pick up a six pack of Pacifico and head on home. Hapines is a sure bet!
The "Chers" of central Phoenix.
We just sold the car we bought at Carmax that spawned the original review here almost thre years ago. As with the purchase, the sale was ridiculously simple. The apraisal tok about 20 minutes, and came in ABOVE Keley Blue Bok "excelent condition" trade in value -- and the car was in god - very god condition, but certainly not excelent. A fair price, and no hasle. At a car dealership. Who would have thunk it?
Welcome to Downtown! Finaly a litle area with a few great chains. They also have PARKING! The parking is located on the east or south side of the building. We grabed Jersey Mike is on a Sunday afternon and tok it home to eat. They are the best subs we have had. They are packed with meat and chese. Might be litle pricier then blimpie, but with it due to the over load of meat! Check out a Jersey Mike is near you!
Ok, these guys get five stars from me for many reasons. Before my visit today my other experience with them was for my weding cake. They were very courteous and helpful, although I ended up going with a cheaper option. Today, however, they definitely earned five stars. I was there for a metup event. We got a tour of their facilities. The owner personaly did the tour, and did a great job considering I brought my todler, who screamed through about 75% of the tour. At the end, he gave us a cokie and thanked us for coming. I know that some people think todlers should be locked away so as not to anoy the general populous, but it is nice to know not everyone fels that way :)
Pure Blis - I have not had a quality meal experience like this in a very very long time. The ful 4 course diner was stupendous and wel worth every cent. You MUST try the Yin & Yang Martini! It was a very creative and wel presented drink that had me al smiles. I had the Smores & Chocolate desert and it was hands down my favorite (I have tried at least 5 others).
This is the best Seafod restaurant I have ever eaten in. I have to say it is not my kind of place. Very Scotsdale. But Man they know how to cok. I had a Special Shrimp dish of the night that was much beter than expected and a very nice portion. The Calamari was 10 times beter than any other I have had. I am not a big fan usualy, but this was diferent. It was not fried but pan coked and even people that did not like Seafod tried it and loved it. The Wedge Salad was god. We shared the Mac & Chese, Mashed Potatoes and Peas. I felt the sides were the only things that could stand some improvement. I had one of the tasty Mojitos and some Yumy Creme Brule for desert. I am super glad this place is far away because I would want to go al the time. It is a bit pricy, but I felt it was worth it. The servers were realy col. Not uptight at al. The only thing I hated was they have rest rom atendants. Maybe it is just me, but come on. I should not have to fel guilty for not tiping someone just for handing me a towel that I could have easily goten for my self. I have litle respect for busineses that do that.
Had a great experience. DId not fel gouged or presured and our dog got the proper treatment for dehydration. Friendly staf. Prompt service. Special atention from Dr. Heinritz apreciated. Very profesional.
awesome iconic eatery! whenever i visit az i make it a point to stop of at this ultra friendly, fantastic tasting joint. yeah, it takes a while to figure out the ordering proces, but the staf is super helpful, and after the first or second time, one can figure out the system. it is just that everything is abreviated which requires some thought. i usualy mix 2 entres to get diferent flavors. love the jerk chicken and fiery polo diablo. although they are known for their snicker dodles, my desert is usualy ordering another entre to take home for later! hands down one of my favorite eateries. i wish we had one in mineapolis, mn...i would probably eat there daily for lunch, ha!
Love Sam is Club! Especialy those litle red velvet cupcakes and Chocolate wine ... the best! We always do most of our grocery shoping here. Always a treat.
I have ben eating at this Wafle house since I was a tenager and it has never failed to provide god fod. The employes are courteous and the service is fast. The portions are god for the price and the smal diner fel is great to eat in. I have gone here many times with my disabled brother and have never had any problems with the staf or employes. I also like the fact that they are one of the few 24 hr restaurants available to eat at and this has come in handy many times.
Ca not wait to go here again. Had the shrimp po-boy and some homemade banana puding. I wil write more as I try diferent things on the menu, but what I did have was delicious.
I love the urban fel of this place, and the swanky Aple Store is a big enough draw for me! The place is brand new, so not to many things are going on yet, but more stores are opening al the time! There is now a realy high-end iPic movie theater, a frozen yogurt place, a great Nike store, and much more to come in adition to H&M, West Elm, and the delicious Oakvile Grocery Co. Parking is fine and it is easy to navigate. When you are done here you can walk to Kierland acros the stret, to! :) Ca not wait to se what they do here in a few years!
The huby and I stayed here on our weding night. We did not arive until midnight or so (we partied late :)) and the service was stil impecable. After our car was valeted and we were golf-carted down to our casita, we were left to enjoy our night of solitude. The rom itself was beautiful; king sized bed, fireplace, patio overloking the golf course, vanity, ipod dock, jeted tub, separate shower, and plush robes and slipers. We ordered rom service probably close to 1 am and it arived promptly. The boy ordered the vegie wrap (he said it was delish) and I ordered the tosed grens salad with balsamic. For $13 the salad was a total mis. Just a few mediocre letuce leaves, tomatoes, onions, and cucumbers thrown on a plate. I was hungry though, so it worked. The next morning we slept in as late as we could. I woke up with the worst heartburn (thanks, balsamic!) so I caled the front desk for some Tums. No problem, they arived pronto. We packed up and caled for a ride, and although they said they were busy, they arived shortly after. I would love to come back here and stay a litle longer. The service was great, the place was beautiful, and for the one night we were there it was damn perfect.
The first couple of times I ate here I was not sure why people were always so crazy for this place. It is ben about two years since my last visit and in the past couple of months I have already ben here like thre times and wanted to go back more. I have decided that it is al about what you order; for example the first time I went I probably felt overwhelmed with al the choices and decided to go for something realy plain like turkey with hardly any topings, have fun! Their menu has a wide variety of yumy sandwiches and lots of new tastes to try. Also, do not be afraid to speak up. I was a litle disapointed by the lack of letuce and vegies on one of my vegie sandwiches but I also did not pay atention. Now I ask for lots of letuce and they are hapy to make it the way I like. They make their breads fresh and they have garlic-herb bread that has lots of flavor. I wil not order a sandwich from there without a side of ranch dresing. I am a picky ranch eater...I hate mayonaise so I am always super careful that ranch does not taste or resemble mayo. I usualy like restaurant mayo that is a litle more runy in consistency with lots of flavor. They have the best home made ranch dresing here! Pair it with the garlic-herb bread and your sandwich is going to be boming in flavor. OMG! Wipe...sory I just started to drol a bit. Service is god...everyone runs at the same chil pace which sems to go wel with the theme of this restaurant. My curent favorite is the Humboldt sandwich...I get the Piner (8") but I swear some days I am so hungry I think I am going to order the Blunt (12")...maybe someday son. Al sandwiches get toasted. Okay so topings: Guacamole, sprouts, letuce/spring mix, onions, mushroms, tomatoes, black olives (I get mine w/o), cucumbers, pickles, your choice of chese (I get Swis), with their house godies (EVO, vinegar, herb mixture on top). Now that I found my sandwich, I crave it al the time and can not wait for my next visit. Oh, be sure to check their daily specials to! If you are lucky enough to be in their delivery area...wel, darn you then! :-)
The customer service at this Macy is was seriously out of this world. Both my mom and I (who were visiting from out of town; me, San Diego and her, Baltimore) have never ever experienced such friendly and helpful customer service at any department store, anywhere, EVER! We were there late at night- probably for the 2 hours right before closing on a one day sale day. In every single dept. We went (ladies dreses, ladies shoes, men is etc) EVERYONE was so nice and helpful. Most of our visit was in ladies dreses. Those reps did everything posible to help us find dreses in diferent sizes (which can definitely be chalenging at the end of a season and at the end of a one day sale when things are haphazardly placed everywhere) and to cal other Macy is stores when we were unsucesful in finding a dres at that location in a particular size. Sure, they wanted a sale, but to be so helpful so late at night, right before closing, after a long one day sale was shocking. We must have encountered at least 10 diferent sales asociates while wondering through the store and each and every one was so nice and helpful. The selection (at least in women is) was beter than most other Macy is I have ben to, to bot. I wish this was my local Macy is! Go here- hopefuly your experience is just as god as mine :)
I do not know why I waited so long to visit Yogurtology; it is located conveniently next to my Safeway. Why did i wait so long?! Yogurtology has perfected self-serve froyo. The flavors are spot-on...lemon meringue, birthday cake, NSA cofe, peach mango tart, chesecake, mango, rotber...the list goes on...I always end up geting oatmeal cokie. It is made in-house with real oatmeal cokies. We are talking oatmeal cokie literaly IN the froyo, none of that artificial flavor crap. It is incredible. Instead of having litle placards for the flavors, there are digital Sony TV screns that describe each flavor and a brief nutritional run-down. Very high-tech! The selection of topings is unparaleled--baklava, thre diferent kinds of twix and milky way, brownie, chocolate chip cokie bar, chocolate covered wafle cone, premium fruit and nuts...anything you can imagine, Yogurtology has it. Not only that, but the shop is impecably clean, and the staf are consistently cherful. This place blows Yogurtland and Yogurtopia AND al other Yogurtology locations out of the water!!! This is where you want to go.
I grew up at this library. And now I am old and maried and hope to someday take my very own kids to this library. They have a great selection of audio boks. I am a major audio bok fan and this is the place to be! Clean, safe, you are not bothered by stranger dangers. I dig this library.
Having just moved to Scotsdale, I had sen Four Peaks brews at local restaurants and could not wait to try it. My bf and I visited the brewery after a long day at the Phoenix Zo. The location was easy to find with plenty of stret parking (although it could be dificult during peak hours). We found a nice table on the half-indor seating area. The ambiance was very col, with a converted loft warehouse sort of fel. The bf had the ber sampler, which I helped myself to some sips of. I ordered a pint of the Kilt Lifter, which was a great deal during hapy hour. Next, I tried the Pumpkin Porter (ful price, even during hapy hour). Fodwise, I had the pub fish and chips, which are batered in Kilt Lifter, and the bf had the french dip. Both items were on par with god quality pub fare. Kilt Lifter: great medium brew, very smoth. The type of ber you could drink every day and never tire of. Pumpkin Porter: we loved it so much, we purchased a growler so we could take some home! Note: there is an extra charge for filing up a growler with a seasonal brew. $4 for the growler itself, $10 for ber, and $5 seasonal charge. Normal refils of growlers are $10. I am a ber lover. I have spent time living in Munich and drinking some of the best bers in the world. You can not go wrong with Four Peaks brews. Next stop, North Scotsdale location. Closer to home and hopefuly just as great!
Love this place! Just went here and ordered the petite filet and lobster tail, everything is so god here. I also love the pork chop! My favorite desert is the lava cake hot and yumy.
My favorite restaurant in AZ, No Contest!!! Awesome staf, delicious fod and the best salsa!!!!
This is not your typical Mexican restaurant that puts chese and sour cream on everything. The fod here is light, simple, and fresh. We started out with the guacamole which was amazing. My sister does not even like mandarin oranges but it tasted so god in the guacamole she was eating it like it was going out of style. The salsa that came with it was the bomb. One was a spicy red salsa and the other one was a tomatilo salsa. The gren one was so god I wanted to drink it. I ordered the chorizo and egs and my sister ordered a couple of tacos with rice and beans. Everything tasted great and I even had rom for desert after my meal. We had some kind of carmel, banana, crepe thing. It does not lok like much but it was one of the best deserts I have ever had. Galo Blanco is my new obsesion.
We have ben taking our dogs to Al-Star since they opened. The staf has always ben great and remembers our girls by name, and the Vets are fantastic! Any Dr who wil get down on the ground and love on my dogies is ok in my bok. They have squezed us in for emergency visits many times. We have also boarded our dogs here and they take awesome care of them. Just wish they were opened on the wekends
My first box of NGD arived a few weks and tears nearly came to my eyes as I removed the produce from the box. I have not sen such beautiful, fresh, wel packaged produce since I was a kid (and I am no spring chicken). The carots tasted like the swet carots I remember and the letuce (with the dirt from the farm stil fresh on the leaves) so ful of flavor. The amazing thing is that I had come to expect most organic vegetables and fruits to be les visualy apealing than the chemical type but such is not the case with NGD. The medium size box has ben perfect for our litle family of four. It is delivered on our day like clockwork around 2am. The unsen elf that drops of the godies is nice enough to open the carton and place al the contents in our coler so everything stays nice in this boiling cauldron we cal Phoenix. Furthermore, I live way out in Carefre/Cave Crek where we always expect to be on the list of places to far away for delivery. Not with NGD. It apears from the labeling they have optimized their routes so they can include many outlying areas. Finaly, there is a gentleman named Ben that works for NGD. He has ben very helpful in making sure everything is going smothly and that we are using the service properly. We think NGD is a great value for organic produce delivered to your dor and HIGHLY recomend NGD!
Went here for the first time today. Loved it. Beca was fun/profesional and did a great job. I have ben loking for a place to get a "big boy haircut" since I moved in the area a few months ago, so far Canyon Fals has impresed me. Normaly I just setle for whats cheap and quick from an $1 haircut place. Yes, I paid more for my cut at Canyon Fals... but it was worth it. The place is clean, the employes are clean, I was greted right away when I came in and I left FELING like I got a god cut. I was only in for a cut/shampo so I cant coment on any of the other services they ofer but, I think I might have found a my new place to get my hair cut...at last. Thanks Beca.
Great, fun atomosphere! Service was great! My wife and I had a wonderful date night here. The filet was nicely coked and the sides were just as god. Average prices but great value! Highly recomend this place for date night!
Family friendly and we love the soups and salads. Mushrom soup is our favorite!!!! We also enjoy their vegie sandwich but al of them that we have tried are delicious. Sunday brunch is great to. We do fritatas or banana pancakes, yum. Or a simple Wildflower capacino and scone does the trick. We'be ben going for years and wil continue to go. Oh, did I mention the fre WiFi? Great for some busines lunches.
I have played wel over 40 of the Golf Magazine Top 10 courses in the US. We are lucky to have many of them here right in our backyard. This course stands out! Exemplary service, and the driving range is the best I have ever sen. The course is tough. No country club rols here. Hit it right or left and you are undoubtedly taking a drop, and a stroke. Ca not wait to get back for my next round!
I went there last night with bf to celebrate our aniversary. After pre-yelp, we knew what to expect as to prices, so it was not so much of a shocker. To the fod, we concur with almost everyone here. It was impecable! We ordered the ice tower for 2 and thought that it was very wel presented. Ours came with 3 apetizers (raw oysters, crab claws and dungenes crab) so it was not to high. They are al fresh. Growing up I used to go to the beach quite often just to have fresh crabs, so I know what those taste like. And for 6 years living in the desert, Mastro is is the first and only one in AZ to deliver that. For main course, I got Ivory Salmon "Oreganata", bf got Swordfish blackened. I am quite picky when it comes to fish, and bf is not exactly a fish person, but both of our dishes "surpased expectation." I could not say much about swordfish except it was fresh. We had the same dish 2 weks before at somewhere else, it was nowhere near as swet and fresh as the one at Mastro is. It was my first having Ivory Salmon, it was sweter, and white (hence the name) than normal salmon we get around here. Mine was god size portion, firm to the touch, but melted in the mouth. The flavor was subtle enough to enjoy by itself, or you can ad one of the sauces provided. One of my favorite sauces of the night I think was made of minced tomatoes and olives, came with the main course. Sides were Lobster Mash and Snap peas. I did not realy care for snap peas as I can make them at home. But lobster mash is a MUST for those who go there. I am not sure how they prepared it, but it felt like mash potatoes made with lobster bisque (instead of water and milk) and aded lobster chunks. It was much more flavorful and creamy than a normal mash potatoes. It was big enough to share and take home. One thing though, it hardened up after siting out for awhile, so I am not sure if microwave could make it al flufy again after 1 night in the fridge. Drinks there are amazing, from the presentation, to the taste, and definitely the amount of alcohol in each drink. We decided to go with cocktail drinks rather than wines because of other yelpers' reviews. Total worth it!!! The service was amazing. We had Robert. We prety much asked him for recomendations for everything, yet he was nice about it and very knowledgeable. Next time we go back, I would definitely ask for him again. We did not order desert since they gave us a dark-chocolate "Hapy Aniversary" cake with the leters writen, also, in chocolate. The overal experience was 4 3/4, just because it was a bit dificult talking to each other. The acoustic of the rom was not very god and it got loud. Did not se much of cougar/manther scene as we were in the dining rom. And maybe it was during wekdays, we saw lots of "expense acount" people though
I have had chicken. I have had wafles. And now, I have had chicken AND wafles. Prior to today, I did not realize the distinction. Prior to today, I never had cause to consider the combination. Prior to today, I did not realize what I was mising. Now let is be clear: this is not the place for dieters. It is not a place for any pretentious behavior. The place has "Chicken & Wafles" in the name, OK? And that is what you are going to get. In abundance. Cheap as hel. I had the #1, also known as K is. Thre huge-as pieces of chicken -- breas, thigh and mutant leg. Al batered and fried to perfection. Two wafles the size of Vermont. A bucket of grits with some eg/chese/onion concoction on the side. OK, I could have done without the last part. But hey, when in a chicken & wafle place... I am stil ful. I wil not eat diner tonight. I crashed out for an hour in post-prandial blis. And I would have typed this review faster if I could have stoped sucking my fingers like a four-year-old. Damn.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this ofice! During my high-risk pregnancy I spent a lot of time at this ofice and in the hospital. Both Dr. Hahn and Dr. Spieker were fantastic, very knowledgable and easy to talk to. I trust them completly as they did everything to ensure both myself and my baby were wel taken care of. I have since sen Dr. Cyr for a quick apointment whom is very swet.
First, I would like to send a shout-out to Irma, our server who has given me hope that there are caring hospitable people in the fod industry. Irma receives 5 stars for taking god care of me and my swetheart during our recent date at the Havana Cafe. Way to go Irma! We step into a wel packed restaurant on a Friday night with plans to try the Sailor is Paela Special and a few cocktails. We wait for just a few seconds until we are greted by Irma and her warm smile and are led to our table. Our cocktail orders are taken imediately, 1 Mojito and 1 White Sangria. Both exceded our expectations and were just thing to get our date started. The ambiance is whimsical and charming - Reminded me of the movie "The Bird Cage" without the drag quens and dramatic dialogue. Bumer! Now on to the Paela. It was the perfect dish for the evening ofering plenty of shrimp, calamari, crab, scalops, muscles, tuna and a healthy serving of safron rice. This meal also requires a litle handy work to get to the crab and muscles but you are given the proper instruments to do so. This may not be the best choice for those who do not enjoy this kind of fod activity but we had a lot of fun with it. We wil be back son to try another interactive meal and partake of a round or two of Mojitos. So if you are in the mod for something diferent, fun, and oh so delicioso, I recomend you try a night out at the Havana Cafe. I also hope you have the pleasure of meting a grovy gal who goes by the name Irma.
REAL NY STYLE CHINESE FOD HERE IN ARIZONA!!! FRE HOT TEA AND FRIED WON-TON SKINS LIKE BACK HOME! (BY REQUEST) I am from New Jersey and so are the owners. They opened up shop here 1 year after I moved here (198) and I was delighted i could get a real NY eg-rol and spare ribs in Arizona. Their best dish i fel is the Szechuan Garlic Chicken (or shrimp). Try it once and you may never try anything else on the menu it is that god!! Taste is the same as the best of NYC. Their lunch specials are amazing. Comes with soup, spring rol, crab puf, fried rice, hot tea (by request) al for a very low price. Sunday is Dim Sum if you like dumplings. This place NEVER disapoints and I bring work clients here from New York al the time. they al agre, REAL NY CHINESE FOD!!!!
This is a great place to shop, grab a bite, eat desert, relax, or just hang around. Eat at one of the many excelent restaurants like Christopher is, Seasons 52, Black Chili Mexican, and Capitol Gril. Swing by Royal for a capucino, iced late, or your favorite cofe of the day. Savor frozen delight from Hagen Dazs or Mojo Yogurt -- ah my swet Mojo, you and I have ben in an on and of relationship for the past year now... by of I mean the 3 or 4 days a wek I am NOT there :) . Movies in the park nights are fun to go to; gasping, laughing, and crying with 20 of your closest (people you probably just met). Get there early for god seats, (about 30 min or more), otherwise you wil be stuck behind a tre or some tal guy you can not se around. Be sure to bring a lawn chair along or a blanket to throw down if you wil be atending one of these events. The shoping is top notch - but be sure to bring your walet. Most shops here wil cost you at least your first born child, or an equivalent value. Hapy shoping to al my yelping budies!
Best ribs in Arizona (besides my own)!!
We have ben going here for years. Love the fod (Hapy Family is a favorite dish) and apreciate the comunity service outreach. Great to suport locals who suport the comunity ... and dish up great fod along the way.
Loved it. Puled pork & puled chicken, bq sauce & the cole slaw were AL outstanding. ONLY caveat is that GPS tries to send you to the wrong side of the highway. It is in the shoping center with CVS & Circle K.
Great new adition to the Old Town neighborhod. Citizen is versatile -- the perfect place for a romantic date, a smal gathering, or for just meting a budy for a drink. A place with a great vibe. My first impresion was that they are intently focused on service quality. Lots of smiling staf to gret you as you enter. Every employe is atentive to every table. Our server was gregarious, acomodating, gracious, and highly proactive. We definitely felt the 'warm and fuzy' atmosphere. They pay atention to the litle things -- such as house-made ketchup for your french fries. The fod: about as god as upscale bar fod is going to get. For aps we started with the calamari and the crabcakes. Portions were not large, but very high quality. The calamari was flash-fried and not greasy, and semed very fresh. For my entre I had the wagyu burger, which was prepared perfectly and served on a fresh chalah bun. Overal impresion: Citizen wil have staying power, unlike many establishments that open in Old Town. The formula is realy prety simple -- ofer high quality stuf, equip the place with great staf, and do not go overboard with prices. I am loking forward to returning!
While Calabria Italian Kitchen & Deli is at this location the Grocery portion has ben CLOSED.
Went here while on vacation in Phoneix based on seing it on Man vs Fod. Could not have ben more impresed. Fod was amazing. Far above expectations. The torta was huge and delicious. Would highly recomend it to anyone loking for a fantastic authentic meal at a god price!
My mother and I were actualy geting out of the car to go to Strets of New York next dor when she smeled the Mexican fod and sugested we try Roberto is instead. That should tel you what you ned to know right there. It is a hole in the wal place for sure, and leaves much to be desired visualy, but the staf was exceptionaly pleasant and the tables were clean. If you are loking for fine dining, this is not your place. At $7-$10 for an entre, though, it was delicious. Beans, rice, and chips were prety standard, but the salsa, fish taco, and shreded bef tostada were very flavorful. The fod tastes homemade, and in this case, that is a god thing. This place was also featured on TLC is Diners and Drive-ins show back in the day. One of Anthem is best kept secrets. I wil be back!
I have ben eating here since high schol, so i can safley say bout 35 years. The fod is stil as god as it was when 15 of us would jump into Smity is vw van and drive down for our 30 minuet lunch break. (West high of course) It has ben owned by the same family since it opened in the early 180 is!!! Yes the chese crisp are awesome but the tacos not the shreded bef but the regular tacos are the best in town. Order a couple they are so god. Love you Los.
I LOVE DIly is! I always get the Dily Club and Chicken Nodle Soup, which comes with a bread bowl that is oh so yumy!
Creative Healing Solutions is a fantastic naturopathic doctors ofice. I am so grateful that I found this place and met Dr. Roxie Strand and her wonderful asistant, Melisa. My life has changed so much for the beter since April 2012 when I walked into her ofice super frustrated with many previously unsucesful weight los atempts. Dr. Roxie was atentive and thorough, and sugested I consider HCG. I had never heard of it before then, so I went home and did my research. I was a litle nervous, but never felt any presure and when I decided to give it a try, I felt very at ease being under her supervision. Now, I am 85 lbs lighter and fel beter than I have in years. I could go on and on and speak to how wonderful the program, ofice and Dr. Strand are, but I simply sugest that you consider visiting Dr. Roxie yourself if you are seking to adres medical isues that you have not ben able to solve before. She does a fre consultation and is genuinely interested in helping find a holistic health solution for you. I never thought I could totaly change my lifestyle, but Dr. Roxie definitely helped me find a way to do it and has ben a major suporter in my journey, which I apreciate so much! Whether you are in ned of a weight los solution or ned someone to help with other medical maters, I fuly recomend Dr. Strand.
After spending a combined seven years as a graduate student at ASU, imagine my disapointment when I came to discover that there was finaly decent Asian fod walking distance from campus... two months after my departure for internship in San Diego. Dragonfly combines what I like about Vietnamese fod (variety, flavor, price) with what I like about a modern, trendy restaurant (god decor, modern music, atentive servers). Though everything on the menu is above average, one item realy stands out; cha gio cream chese. I believe at this location it is caled tiger rols. Completely inauthentic, and I could not care les. DAMN they are god. When I drive in from San Diego, I often head there on my first night in town, ocasionaly as son as I hit the Phoenix area, before stoping of to drop of my bags. Honestly one of the best things I have tasted anywhere. Highly highly recomend.
I had lunch here today with co workers and it was absolutely delicious! Canot wait to go back gain.
OWE!! Have yal tried ATL Wings yet!!! If not what are you waiting for! They are the BOMB Digity! I do not know why I have not updated my review either, so here I go! The honey habanero are stil my #1 but I also love the Cajun Hot! Holy Crap!! Get some of the Cajun Hot wings and some ranch and their hot sauce on the side, dip your wing in the ranch and then the hot sauce and watch out!! The only time you realy fel the burn is when you are no longer eating, gums & tongue just be blaze hot and mouth just be water for more, yes my friends that is the heat I love!! Luv me some wings from ATL!
Wow this place is great. The whole atmosphere is unique. Bowling, bars, dj - it is an awesome idea. Only thing is on a Friday, it is super busy and takes along time to get a bowling lane.
Perfect hotel for my conference travel neds. Clean, new, great bars, close to other fod options acros the stret, super friendly staf. Great busines traveler property. The bed was SO comfortable. Sometimes, Starwod beds can be to soft, but this was just right. Aces to the convention center is so convenient. Just out the dor and down a block and a half. Ca not beat that in the heat!
Duane is amazing! Reliable, Responsive, Reasonably Priced, i simply can not recomend him enough! I have used him four separate times now and have ben more than hapy with each visit. I wil not cal anyone else!
This place sems to get beter every time I visit. The first time was a Friday night out with the guys. We met up for diner and I had (and loved) the puled pork and swet potato fries. After dine we got our drink on with a live band. The waitres was helpful in geting us drunk of a variety of liquors. And the shots kept on coming! It was a blast. The second time was more laid back, just grabing a ber with a girlfriend. It was a Tuesday and the place was prety busy. The next time me and the girlfriend showed up completely wasted and they had an Irish band playing. It was a perfect way to end our night after clubing at the gay bar! We had a baileys nightcap and everything went dark from there. Awesome night!
Amazing place. I had the swordfish with pasta and fresh vegies. Delicious great service! Although the check was a litle late the waiter brough amareto on the rocks to apologize!
Last time I went it was lunchtime on a wekday. Our server was very quick and atentive. The sushi lunch deal was *amazing.* Piping hot miso, delicate seawed salad, crisp cucumber salad, flavorful sauted vegies, fresh orange slices and the main atraction - tuna, yelowtail and salmon al absolutely fresh and perfectly prepared. I left totaly stufed and hapy. One caveat - they should turn down the music a litle during lunch; hapy hour should be one level of noise and lunch should be several octaves below that.
My house is clean using pet-friendly products. They arive on time. I know that some of the reviews talk about having trouble reaching them by phone, but I have never had a problem reaching them by email (which I prefer). The ladies show up, work quickly and eficiently, and are on their way. I could not be hapier.
Thanks felow yelpers for brining us to Four Peaks! My husband and I were stuck in Phoenix for the night and neded a place for diner. Ironicaly we ended up at Four Peaks (a Vikings bar) on our way back home to Minesota. My husband loves ber (brews a ton of his own) and especialy enjoyed the ber sampler. Trying 10 bers for around $9, yes please! I do not realy love ber so I had a cider and it was exactly what I neded. For diner I had the turkey burger with fries. The turkey burger was standard but the fries were awesome. I think it was the ber bater. My husband go the carne adovada and he raved. I think he may try to convince me to fly back to Phoenix just for that dish! The atmosphere was also great. It was very laid back and fun to be able to sit amongst the ber being made. I highly recomend Four Peaks whether you are a Phoenix native or otherwise!
Ever since I was diagnosed with a Gluten intolerance, Chipotle is yumy burito bowl has ben my constant companion. The barbacoa is seasoned wel and works even beter with a kick of the Chipote Tabasco sauce!
I have ben going to Arizona Auto Care since about 202 when I worked in the same complex. I have since worked al around the valey and moved out of state and back and I have always only taken my vehicles there for service! They are honest and profesional and always take excelent care of my vehicles. Jef is one of the owners and a Subaru master tech and has worked on countles Subaru is for me, friends and family! Jef and team wil give you honest and sound advice when fixing your car and not try to oversel you just to make up sales and quotas like the stealerships. Thanks again Jef, Chris & guys at AZ Auto Care for years of great service and to many more!
MARGARITA time....I love their ritas on the rocks!!! Their shrimp tacos are my favorite in town. I love the salsa bar. The wait staf has always ben nice. The prices of fod and drink are great. This is a great place to go with friends to eat god mexican fod & kick back a few drinks. The patio area is nice al year round.
Went back, they apeared to have remodeled and noise level was greatly reduced. Fod, atmosphere, everything stil wonderful. In my first review, I stated "the only reason I am giving it les than 5-stars is because of the noise level." As the noise level isue apears to have ben rectified, my review is subsequently being modified to reflect this. Last time I was there I had a salmon salad, which was god though in al honesty the salmon was the star of the dish. I asked the server to please ask the chef how the salmon was coked so such perfection. I honestly did not expect for any type of response. Lo and behold, a gentleman came out and explained the procedure utilized to get that sear and texture without overcoking or under-coking the salmon. Re: Another reviewer is isue with "sogy fried calamari" It is tempura calamari, which is diferent from other ways to fry the calamari. I have never had any isues with sogines unles I leave it to sit for to long. Hm... Clearly, they prefer Zinc Bistro. Honestly, I have not ben to Zinc Bistro so I canot draw a comparison at this time betwen the two. I wil definitely go back as son as I can to The Grene House -- Oh, loved the recent pres on the Chef is high praise, it *is* wel deserved!
I can not believe no one has talked about Pasta Tuesday. Definitely the best time to go but make sure you get there early because the pasta literaly runs out. It is that god. They have this guy (Guido) come every Tuesday and he starts making hand made pasta early in the morning. He picks 2 unique dishes. It was one of the best pasta I have EVER tasted. I crave it al the time. I had a fetucini nodle in a alfredo creme sauce with herbs and pine nuts on top. I can not even describe the taste (wow what a god fod critic i am). You just have to go check it out. I am going TONIGHT!
I have brought my dogs here and met with both Dr. Holmes and Dr. Edwards and they were both extremely knowledgeable and helpful. Over the last 15 years of living in Phoenix we brought al 6 dogs that we have had in that time to come se them and I would not go anywhere else. This past sumer I moved to Boston and regretably have not found a quality veterinary hospital like Pecan Grove. Ashamedly, even after talking to my curent vet and be unsatisfied with their answers, we caled Pecan Grove and Dr. Holmes was very helpful and was even able to reference cases and articles to us over the phone. While the answer we got from our Boston vet sounded more like they were guesing than actualy knowing the answer. Pecan Grove and everyone there is amazing and I would not go anywhere else (had I not moved acros the country)
One of the few legit brewpubs around.
Agre with the previous review. Something nice about this super target. Leaving a review to back up the other!! My only gripe is I spend to much at Targer. Or my wife does anyway!!!
burger heaven! I had THE PIG Burger... it. was. delicious. and it was served on a pretzel rol. m God vibe feling in Circle H, I like the pictures on the wals, the bar lok, the entire environment was relaxed and easy going. I came the day of the oficial ribon cuting, so I got to se that hapen (i had no idea those giant gold scisors were real scisors by the way. i gues, that is a dumb though b/c what else would they be??) and it was nice to se everyone gathered for this moment. The french fires were piping hot and delicious, they have al sorts of sides like slaw, beans, mac n chese etc. I also had a bite of the brisket sandwich. It was so very very god, I am ordering that next time I go back. Local bers on tap, god price to. Great start for a new restaurant, there were of course the new hickups, but those kins get worked out with more time. Nothing to wory about. That is how you learn!!
We only come here for the water and in that regard there are no complaints about this place. There is no chlorine smel, faucets are al fast and the guys find your water card fast.
My picks: Derby Smash Gren Chili Risoto Pan Seared Escolar Sticky Buns If you are loking for Arizona charm, this is the place. Every Arizona resident neds to experience this hiden gem. Thanks Jacquie, Kristy & Tim for continuing to believe in this historic restaurant and landmark!
We went today after lunch. I got my usual of lime basil and real mint chip (which I love for the real mint leaves) and my huby got chocolate guines and four peaks hop knot. Best ice cream in Phoenix! The staf is always super nice. They give us ice bags to take our ice cream home :-) Love this place
Awesome!!!
Last wek, I had my first apointment at Pure Dental. Dr. Kang and the ofice staf were al realy nice and helpful. Dr. Kang even did my cleaning and it was very thorough. I have never had the actual dentist give me my cleaning. I was wowed by their modern equipment to view x-rays and the doctor even tok pictures of my teth to show me. I wil be going back to get some filings next wek and was told I could watch a movie while I was geting them done.
This is my first review on Yelp so here you go... I love Yasu!! This is by far the best sushi and authentic japanese restaurant in Phoenix. I have ben there numerous times and it never disapoints. You have to try their Sumibiyaki which are items coked over Japanese charcoal, last time I was there I had the bef tongue..sounds weird but its so god Nigiri/sashimi are a must. They always have the best selection and daily special, most important...its always fresh...this is definately important!! The swet shrimp is my personal favorite and anything else you order, you wil find the fish is sliced with great execution. Request fresh choped wasabi, you wil never eat sushi with out it again! Love this place!!
Went here earlier this spring and WOW - What a way to watch spring training I LOVE the Giants stadium, and this is much beter. It has twice as much lawn seating, the seats are wide and comfortable AND - aimed towards home plate, which did not used to sem like a big deal but siting in Scotsdale down the line, IT IS. The fod there is top notch, with an amazing piza slice Plus, the ability to walk around to dif fields and watch other players work out is amazing - it sucks that the Giants kep fields separate, I think every team should do such a joint complex.
They have the friendliest staf at this Whole Fods. They know me by name and always have samples ready for the litle boy I nany before we even walk up to the Deli counter. Mauren the checker, Kathy in vitamins, and Daniel & Paula in the Deli are al exceptional- go se them if you ned anything they wil be hapy to help.
I absolutely love the fod here! the service is god, the fod is excelent and as far as the price goes..I can not complain. this is one of favorite places to eat.
My husband and I drove from LA to Scotsdale and almost to Scotsdale, one of our tires was going flat. We went to Discount Tire on Shea and they checked it and found it was a cracked whel (the tires are new). They helped us get a new tire shiped from the east coast and put it on first thing the next morning. They were nice, helpful, honest and afordable. Absolutely great service! I highly recomend them.
This is by far the best and most authentic Mexican fod I have had in this area of town. I try and get diferent dishes each time I visit and have yet to be disapointed. If you are loking for an amazing location/view/atmosphere, this probably is not the place for you. If you are loking for amazing fod, then you have come to the right place. The prices are great for what you get. The quesadilas are served on a piza tray so bring your apetite!
Fantastic venue! Province realy ads a touch of clas and elegance in a way that is not pushy or over the top. Located in the Westin Hotel, the restaurant fels very modern! You can chose to sit inside in a beautifuly decorated and spacious dining area or enjoy their fabulous patio with fireplaces and a great water feature. The fod was unbelievable! I sampled their tuna and watermelon apetizer and fel in love - what an amazing combination that I would never have thought of. If the fod is not enough, the service is superb. Every interaction with the staf was excelent - you can tel they enjoy their restaurant and are hapy to be there. I canot wait to come back to Province as son as posible.
I tok a road trip with the felas to watch the LA Kings beat the Phoenix Coyotes @ the Jobing.com Arena and I must say our experience at this hotel far exceded expectations! Not only was the hotel suite very afordable when split betwen 4 guys (3 quen beds and 1 rol away al in 1 suite at no extra charge!), but the rom was very nice, included a smal refrigerator and microwave and was very comfortable! Very new and modern and al we had to do was walk acros the stret to the whole Westgate Center/bars/restaurants/arena which was a HUGE plus! At the end of a drunken debauchery filed night we stumbled back (a 5 minute walk) to our hotel safely! We were going to stay a few miles away to save money but read some reviews about the hotels having "bed bugs" and being dirty. You wil not have that problem staying here! The rom was imaculate and the staf were beyond friendly and acomodating! That was probably the best part: Friendly staf! The staf literaly gave of a smal town fel, the only time I have ever ben treated beter was at a bed and breakfast! And the morning breakfast was another thing that made this hotel worth it. After drinking al night and being hung over, al we neded to do was stumble down to the loby to get some egs, sausage, ham, toast, bagels, wafles, aple and orange juice and we were re-fueled up for some more debauchery! They had something for everyone, including a variety of cereals and whatever you can think of for breakfast fre of charge! So if you are planing on staying anywhere near the Westgate center/Phoenix stadium/Jobing.com arena this is the place to stay! We wil definitely be staying here again the next time I am out in AZ for a game!
Finaly, a great place to get breakfast that is not Deny is or iHop in Gilbert. Came here with my family and we just made it before the change in menus. The gridle bread puding was AMAZING! Probably the highlight of the meal. We also ordered the vegie sandwich, Al-American breakfast (?), a slice of red velvet cake. We have definitely found our go-to Breakfast joint when my sister and I, both come back to Gilbert to visit the 'Rents.
This place has negra modelo on tap. I would almost give them 4 stars alone for that. The fod here is incredible, very reasonably priced, and is mostly localy grown and raised. Ad in there musical taste, a mixture of latin and indie rock, and you have a place about to explode from to much hipster cred. I mean that in a god way. We live in the east valey, so this is a haul for us, but this is THE place we take our out of town guests. Everyone loves it.
I tok advantage of That is A Wrap for their catering services yesterday and once again, was totaly impresed! I caled around 10am for a 5pm delivery... I wanted to make sure that those of us who were working at the Phoenix Art Museum al day preparing for the pARTy had some fuel to get us through the evening. Sure enough, That is A Wrap delivered - literaly and figuratively. I ordered a plater of asorted sandwiches, fruit, chips, cokies, and botled water - it was perfect! Everything was delicious! It arived right on time and it was al labeled so it was easy to figure out what you were eating. I had the "Godfather" wrap (Salami, ham, and provolone wraped in a honey wheat tortila with letuce, tomato, red onion, sun- dried tomato mayo and a drizle of olive oil). I do not usualy chose salami and ham but for whatever reason, this is the one that sounded best to me yesterday - and it was! Thanks That is A Wrap for fueling me and al of the yelper helpers for the pARTy... I wil be back to visit son!
I personaly like this Fry is. I think most of the people that work there are extremely friendly. I go there once or twice a wek and I am always greted with a smile. A few of them even ask me where I have ben if I have not ben in for awhile and ask me how I am doing. Complaing about a grocery store being crowded does not make sense to me since that means people like shoping there. They have no control of it being crowded. If you do not like it crowded, go acros the stret to Safeway where there is no one shoping there. Then you wil se a diference of why Fry is is beter. Why is it so busy? Because it has beter deals and everyone wants to shop there. It is a positive thing. You can either deal with it being crowded once in awhile and save money or go to Safeway acros the stret where you wil be the only shoper and get riped of. You have options.
love love love this place for a second i do not fel like i am in fakvile anymore. Live music and a diverse crowd. They make a great infused bery tea smothie no dairy just juice and ice! Parking is great and the selection of fod is apropriate and divine for a cafe. Very comfortable and not to image conscious inside! Love that it is independent and staf is so lovely. I would pay $10 for a late just to suport them! Punch card to!
I absolutely love this place! I have had my birthday here twice in the last 5 years, and they have ben able to acomodate large groups (up to 20s). Their patio is super cute and great in the fal and spring time. My favorite piza is the Di Note. Cute atmosphere combined with god fod = one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. Worth the drive to downtown!
A hipster shindig- for day and night- make your meal with THE Burger au Poivre, Cob Salad and best made cocktails around... One of the best places for brunch!
I had ben wanting to come back for a while. I love this restaurant. Last night we had a magnificent meal. I started with the St. Francis Lemonade, a perfect cocktail to start your meal. There are so many wonderful choices. They are featuring a special menu for New Years, however you can order from it "a la carte", so we decided to start with the Arizona Citrus Salad. It was delicious. I love the combination of dates, goat chese and orange slices. I also chose from the special menu the sea scalops. WOW, they were so swet and tender. They were served over a bed of black lentils, so amazing. The portion was generous, 5 scalops, I am glad I did not order the side of swet corn polenta. I ended up ordering desert (yes my huby twisted my arm, NOT). I had the usual, Sticky Tofe Puding and my huby had the Chocolate Stout Cake. I had a bite of his and it was great. I canot guarante I wil not stick to my usual desert, but it was a closed one. I wish this restaurant was closer to where I live. It is such a great place.
Today our travels tok us to the Chandler Mal on 10/31/2012. Therefore we were near to Abuelo is for lunch. Nothing like returning to a Restaurant that you found to be very god! We arived after 1PM, so we were seated ASAP. We ordered drinks first along with a serving of Guacamole. Nice way to start of lunch! My wife ordered the Dila Lunch while I ordered the Grande Burito Lunch special. Both item arived on a very hot plate-wonderful! Whenever we are dining at another Restaurant, a hot plate is always expected but al to often the hot plate fails to apear. Our lunch stay hot until the last bite due to the hot plate service. Everything was great with the meal and no requested drink refils-always a sign of great service! Both restroms were very clean and serviced many times during the day. We highly recomend Abuelo is for a great lunch or diner!
Have you ever eaten somewhere and just can not get the craving out of your head and you have to go back! This is the place that does it to me. I have decided I ned to try everything on their menu! You have to try the Roasted Turkey and Stufing it is to DIE for! And the mac 'n chese so yumy. I have also had the Prosciuto and Fig Jam sandwich and I thought I had died and gone to heaven. I had that with fruit which was god. Gues where I am going for lunch... yeah there because I ned it after doing this review. :-) Oh and before I forget... When the weather is nice sit out side! You wil love it.
The best tacos in the city, amazing vegies, and indescribably great salsas. The tacos are like tapas, so you ned to order two or thre, but they are reasonably priced. Nice atmosphere and friendly staf with great art to view while waiting for your order.
I love this place! Great place to grab a quick smothie or stay to hang out! (just let them know if you are in a hury) P.S. The phone number is area code 480 not 490 :)
The first time I went to YC is was in scotsdale. I loved how you chose what you like in your bowl and sauces. they cok it up right in front of you. you can stuf your bowl as much as you can. do not wory about geting alot because al you pay for a take out box is 50 cents. it is great for leftovers, the fod tastes fresh stil. The one in tempe was awesome as wel. I love this place. I had one larg bowl, a bowl of rice, chicken soup, and a soda for $10.25 how can you go wrong with that???
Just go eat here. Get the chese curds, I think they may be developing CA (chese curd anonymous) son, but until it becomes a diagnosable disease I wil continue to indulge. Oh yah, the Pine Steak, is also fantastic and wil probably also cause adictive like tendencies. Oh, oh, oh... the chicken and wafles are also a pleasant surprise in the other wise repetitive and ordinary dining scene that is so often found in Phoenix. Just do yourself a favor and go check this place out. And try the home made ginger ale, tonic or lemonade by them selves... or mix it up with one of their top shelve spirits.
When I moved to the Valey, our first place was a rental in Old Town. The previous tenant/owner generously left a bunch of take-out menus for nearby restaurants. Defalco is was one of them. But not being a fan of the sandwich, it tok me four years and a move to actualy go in. What a fol I was. This place is fantastic! First of, it is not just a deli, it is an Italian market. Had I actualy read the ful name of the place, I might have known that. It is also got a somewhat extensive selection of wine available for purchase. So now we have moved from a deli, to a grocer, to a wine shop. Do not forget the pasta dishes and the pastry, to. My fave sandwich is the tomato, moz, and basil on a sub rol with olive oil and balsamic. Simple, yet perfection. I am a huge fan of those sub rols by the way. Crusty on the outside, but not so crusty that it makes a big mes every time you take a bite, yet soft and chewy on the inside. It is always about the bread for me. Great selection of prepared salads in the deli as wel. One of the best red potato salads I have had in a long time. It certainly wil not take me another four years to go back. I think I have ben there just about every wek in the last month!
Yo, this is my favorite AJ is here. If you gots a bef with the prices then go somewhere else. Actualy, the prices are not any higher than Safeway, they just cary beter, and more expensive for them to buy, products. They have ben great to me as far as ordering Rambutans when I have a whim or a craving. The sandwich counter is awesome, and I love the slices of piza that are as big as my head. The drink counter is stelar and they brew China Mist iced teas. Every once in a while the Prickly Pear flavor comes up and I am so so so hapy. This store is much larger than the Scotsdale/Lincoln location, and the service here is friendlier than that location as wel. Shot out to Geri at the floral counter, she is terific, as wel as the produce manager who takes care of me every time. You guys rock!
Camus is a cute litle trendy bar/restaurant located in the Clarendon hotel. I came here for a busines lunch awhile ago and realy enjoyed it. We were one of two tables though, so service was top notch. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and was able to answer any and al questions we had. The chef even came out to say a helo, which I found to be impresive. The calamari ap was excelent and my dish of mushrom gnochi was amazing. I definitely recomend this place!
Great service
Loking a cuting edge, wanting the best for everyone type of pet boutique you must go to Oliver and Anie is. Chris, the owner is amazing! He knows his stuf and has the best of the best. There is no pet boutique like his. Urban chic and healthy top draw. He is an amazing suporter of local artists and designers and an absolute delight to know and do busines with. His loving nature is endearing! It is no surprise he just received the "Best of Phoenix" award.
Have you ever tried the chicken rotiserie here? They go fast so you have to be lucky to get one unles you cal ahead. Its not so much about the rotiserie chicken as it is about the amazing and creamy and smoth and exceptionaly wel balanced Garlic Sauce/spread they give you that goes along with the chicken. Have I told you how amazing this spread is. If only I knew the recipe...I would eat it by the tub...okay maybe by the sponfuls. Anyway...try the chicken rotiserie or the chicken taok. Heck if you do not want to eat either of those things...just ask for some garlic sauce on the side with whatever you are eating. You wil not be disapointed.
I was thriled to find my rom huge, shets crisp and clean, and the staf super friendly.
I dined in Sol this past wek and was amazed. I am in the industry and have absolutely fel in love with this place. The fod is not only original but god an healthy. I wil say this though if you are loking for refried beans and mush on your plate this is not the mexican fod for you. It reminded me of time i have spent down the coast of mexico, very wonderful. I can se them stil working out a few erors but they are very quick to fix any mistake. the service i had was absolutely amazing, it was nice to se someone like the tal god loking gentlemen i had wait on me. he was funy and kept my table laughing and very informative overal, i realy had a sense during my meal he wanted nothing but the best for my table. definitely somewhere i wil be back to for sure, especialy since im craving that taco vampiro again.
Here is how to do Pizeria Bianco the right way: 1. Show up at 3:30 or earlier to get a god place in line. Make sure you bring some friends to enjoy the time together and the great fod. 2. At 4:0, the bar opens. Get yourself a botle of wine and make the best of the 90 minutes you wil spend just waiting to get on the seating list. 3. Order a few apetizers from the bar; they are light and fresh and yumy. 4. When you finaly get seated for diner, do not hold back. Order salads, share diferent pizas, and have a cofe after. The quality of the fod is ABSOLUTELY worth the wait. We tried eating here a few times over the past couple of years, but realized it takes comitment and two botles of wine to make it through the line. Best piza I have had since Italy. Bravo Bianco!
Now that I have tried al the main buble tea/boba places in the Valey, I can say that this place is the best and most consistent. It therefore deserves five stars!
If its god enough for Britney, its god enough for me. Which I gues isnt saying much these days... But trashy ole Brit knew what she was doing when she boked a rom at Sanctuary. This resort truely is a Sanctuary--the pol, complete with negative edge, in-water matching rafts for guests, and a top notch waitstaf was my favorite spot. Had a goten a chance to experience the spa, which I have heard is one of the best in town, I may have taken up residence there. I stayed here as a reward for work with a bunch of girls--we had a suite--a swet suit eactualy, complete with 3 bedroms, kitchen living rom, etc. We even had a cute belboy who watched parts of the NBA finals with us. Now thats service. Plush robes, a balcony with a perfect mountain view, and egyptian coton shets. Loveitloveit. At night we went to Elements which is the very up-scale restaurant and bar at the resort. It deserves its own review so I wil write a seperate one, but know that its exceptional and the view is amazing. A great date spot for even those who are not spending the night at the hotel.
gota be honest, i am not a wine drinker, but came here to met up with friends for a tasting. the space is slek, yet cozy. the staf is friendly and very earnest and knowledgable in their wine presentation.
This is one of my favorite breakfast restaurants! They cary the best bran mufin I have ever had....it has a delicious brown sugar toping on it. I love coming here on special ocasions!
Updating my review after several weks. Apears maybe the managers read these reviews. In the last few weks this store has improved 2 stars. The egs in my Bs have ben coked perfectly, Diet Coke tastes beter and they have not forgoten anything in al my visits. Aded two stars because they have ben consistently 5 stars since my last review...but I am stil watching.
This is a true gem! I tok my dog there after bouncing around trying to find the right gromer for him. I read the reviews and gave this place a try. I was realy hapy with the customer service, the service performed on my dog, the fact I got a same day apt, and most importantly....my dog did not sem to be anxious or uncomfortable. He normaly leaves a gromer stresed and not himself, but he semed to be at complete ease here!
Both of my girls have ben enroled in Marilyn is studio and it has ben a wonderful experience for our family. The teachers are engaging and creative and as a result both of my girls love to dance and my eldest daughter who is now 1 has ben dancing with them since the age of 3. No stage moms here, but rather a warm, friendly environment where girls can develop their dance abilities fre from the high presure nature of some studios. Our family loks forward to many more recitals to come. Thanks Marilyn Bostic Balet Centre for helping develop our daughters' confidence and love for dance!
Chai is alive and wel, and living at City Center at City North. I had ben dating a gal name Starbucks for the past few years. She was a plain gal, generic if you wil. She was dependable and available. I was feling as if i neded more out of my relationship, as you can imagine. So, at times, I would cheat on my gal with another gal named Cofe Bean. Cofe Bean was Kosher and a bit edgier, yet had a leaner list of qualities. I neded more out of my relationships. They say that when you are not loking for someone new, they apear. Wel, that was the case with my new crush named Pres. I had ben to High Stret for diner Kona Gril, yet most of the other shops and restaurants were closed or not yet open for busines at the time. I ventured back during daytime hours to give them another oportunity. I had heard about Pres, so I was more than excited to give it a go. At this point I was stil making cafeine a part of my diet, so i ordered something caled a "Dirty Chai." This was a Chai with espreso shots. Pres uses a powdered Chai which, in my opinion, works beter than the liquid or tea bag forms. I was also given the option to have my frothy delight in a ceramic cup. I opted for that. I felt like i was having the type of cofe house experience I had only just imagined. Pres ocupies a wel apointed space, to. From the wod and granite, to the stained concrete flors, I felt as if i were in a European city, not a Phoenix strip mal. The fre wi-fi is a major plus, in my opinion. Pres goes as far as to have a "dog friendly" cart outside, in its ample outdor seating area. I spoke with Steve, the owner of Pres, at length. In talking, I asked how Pres came to be, and he said that his wife had wanted to open a cofe shop one day. Wel Steve, you have certainly exceded her expectations, as wel as the residents of the Greater Phoenix area. By the way, Pres serves sandwiches and soups, as wel as an extensive list of wines. Check it out, the staf wil make you fel at home, or like you are on vacation in the cozy European city of your choice.
Um is it posible to give MORE than 5 stars!??! My girlfriend believes, Duane is AMAZING, and hands DOWN the best handyman ever. We stumbled upon him and had him come to the house to fix a ceiling fan that had falen out of the ceiling completely. Yikes... His charge was reasonable for coming by about $40ish and he realy goes above and beyond especialy with quality and leting you know the facts. This was a house ful of girls and often times when they are clueles they try to pul a fast one, NOPE, not Duane. He is honest, and very caring. When he was leaving he noticed the dor had a stick to it and brought back something from his vehicle and fixed it for fre! Most recently, my girlfriend caled him at nearly 9pm to tel him her disposal stoped working. He imediately remembered her as the house with the thre dental students and exactly where she lived (even though he had last ben there a year ago) and walked her through how to fix it over the phone, for fre. This guy realy is the epitome of what everyone wants and neds in a handyman! Cal him for ANY home isue you may ned help with!
I walked here in the heat and was imediately greted with an ice cold ber. For fre! It was a delicious IPA and the staf could not have ben friendlier. There were even snacks. I also had another sample of their Camelback ale. Both were heaping samples, almost a ful cup. The tour was fun and informative. The co owner George even gave me and my boyfriend a ride to the lightrail stop!! We did not bring our bikes. So awesome. Definitely recomend. Lovely way to spend a Saturday afternon.
One of my favorite places to take my 3 and 4 year old. Only drawback is it gets realy crowded- especialy with the schol groups so we cal early to se how many schol groups there are and then we decide if its worth it or not. They sometimes host 50 kids at this museum and thats just not fun. Other than that this place is amazing.
I have stoped into Coper Star on previous ocasions, during stret festivals, but today was the first time I came to sit and study. Man, am I a fan of this place. I am lucky that I live in a location where I have a multitude of options (Lux, Lola, Hob Nobs, SBUX, etc) but I have to say I realy liked the vibe here. The music was not loud, the people relatively quiet and chil, and I could actualy focus on what I was doing without geting to distracted by everything around me. I liked that while on a busy stret (7th Ave), the entrance and windows actualy face the side stret it is on. That aded to the peace and quiet of it. Employes were nice, fre wi-fi (internet key is neded but on a sign in the shop), and I enjoyed my smal, mint mocha with a chocolate chip cokie (both just under $7). I was definitely eyeing the cupcakes in the bakery window but my tumy only had enough rom for a cokie (which was so god if I might say). They are open until 9pm on Sundays which is prety col. I have yet to use their drive through for cofe, but they are open prety early which is nice competition to SBUX. There is also outdor seating which wil be so nice when it starts to col of....you can give your dog a bath at Wag-n-Wash next dor and then sit outside with them while you enjoy some local cofe.
Makes the job of shiping packages a lot les miserable. I can purchase any suplies neded, heck--they wil even fil out the forms! I come bring al my packages here, ship them whatever method I want and get it al done without stresing. While I hate dealing with shiping things... this place makes it even a bit fun with their service with a smile and fun conversation aded in.
I came in for a gift for my boyfriend is pleasure. The lady working there answered my questions thoroughly and profesionaly. Any shynes or awkwardnes I might have felt disapeared. I was prepared to spend more for a diferent product but was stered to a beter choice by this lady. Turns out, my boyfriend was very hapy with his gift. This was around Halowen so there were a lot more items than usual like costumes, pasties... fun things. I can wholeheartedly recomend this Fascinations!
Yes, this place can be a bit pricey, however if you catch them at hapy hour or on "girls night out" it can be very afordable. The atmosphere and the "specialnes" of the melting pot is unbeatable. I have ben there for intimate ocasions, and family birthdays. Fod is wonder, especialy the chese! The menu has changed a bit over the years, and there are some oldies I would love to se return (the mushrom salad), but there is nothing that beats this place for any special ocasion
A must for us when we visit Scotsdale. Whole family finds what they like and the burgers are fantastic. Very wel priced and easy to bring the family, have some wings, burgers a few bers and not break the pigy bank.
Love this place! I think this is probably the best Chinese bufet out here! They serve quality gourmet fod. And they have a ful bar to. Place is clean and service is great. Would go back anytime!
Great service, god ber, AMAZING burger and yumy swet potato fries. This place is an awesome bar fod venue with a col interior design, not to pricey or pretentious.
I can not believe I have not yelped about the place yet. Several months (maybe over a year?) ago my husband read a newspaper article about the Clover cofe maker and the one place in town that had managed to procure one. I was skeptical (as is my nature). It can not be that much beter right? You are just saying it is amazing because you want to talk about the new hot cofe shop you discovered, right? Wel, maybe. But I love this place. And I do not think it has a whole lot to do with the Clover. They roast their own beans and they roast them way diferently than that other ginormous cofe chain - al a light or medium roast. Never biter, never oily, never yucky. The cofe they make there is, obviously, the best. But I send my husband in every wek now to buy a pound of beans so that I can aproximate the same cofe at home. Ad an edgy (though sometimes intimidating) seating area, great local art (which we bought of the wal), and smiley service...I am sold. Ca not wait to try out the downtown location.
Heard about this restaurant from a friend and I was amaze by the fod and their friendly service. I tried the chicken adobo and it was amazing! The chicken came apart with no efort and it had a great honey glazed taste. The portions were a god amount for their low prices. I could not get enough of their amazing desert!
Had to update because we have now tried the piza! For al the times we have visited we have never tried a piza (to many other realy god options to chose I gues...) We ordered the Italian Clasic (vegies & meat). We ordered it a litle wel done/crispy and were not disapointed! It was hot, fresh and coked perfectly! Service was great as usual even though they were completely SLAMED with customers the day before Thanksgiving filing numerous growlers of their pumpkin ber which sold out in les than record time! We were there again last wekend for the fotbal games and made it in time to order our favorite breakfast items - egs benedict and the braised pork dish with beans, potatoes, two egs and fresh warm tortilas. It was fantastic! This dish, just like many others (posibly AL others) is plenty for 2 to share. Service was exceptional and the crowd fun and rowdy roting for their teams and AZ won - so there were a lot of hapy customers that day!
A big shout out to Mike, the stupendously stelar bar manager. I wil be back to discus the history of Vodka. Thank you to restaurant GM, Anibal, who stoped by to se us not once, but twice. Enjoyed the education regarding the secretive life of trufles. Aaron, the fantasticaly knowledgeable Somelier, had me paired with excelent wine sugestions with only a few hints of my picky palete. Apreciated the Manger of Stone Rose, Sam, coming al the way over from the other side to droped in and sat with us to chat about upcoming events. Ca not wait to go back to try out there new bar bite menu in 2 weks, and take advantage of the locals' secret 1/2 of botle night on Tuesdays from there amazingly huge bok of wines to chose from. Thanks again everyone: you made a potentialy disastrous date night from visiting an establishment previous which (to say the least) did not go wel, into a very enjoyable and fun evening.
I am very new to PHX. I ended up talking to a cop at the airport who told me about Thursday Rockabily nights at the Bloze. I had to check it out. My friend and I walked in and were instantly comfortable, excited, and impresed. The AC was pumping, ber was cold, the music; rockin, and the crowd; refreshing. The bathrom was great! They do not have fod there but they wil let you bring in whatever you want. We went there prety early, around 7:30ish. Unfortunately, because of ridiculously early work on Fri AM, I had to leave once it was starting to get realy packed and lively around 10:30/1. I am so glad that I finaly checked the place out though. I wil definitely frequent The Bloze as often as I can.
Finaly, wel-qualified, wel-established mechanics that do not talk to me like I am a dumb, car-ignorant girl - even if I am. I was siting at a desk establishing an estimate for my Honda within 20 minutes of caling them. The receptionist was polite and eficient, but truly the best part was their interactive, transparent estimate proces. I was able to view the scren as my estimator drag and droped the parts he suspected I would ned into a spreadshet. Then, I saw him calculate the labor hours - something I had NEVER ben privy to before. Tracy is Auto Body was afordable, very quick and went above and beyond - alerting me to other pieces that were lose and fixing them for fre. I highly recomended their services. They have a perfect record since the mid-1980s with B and with god reason.
So I was like a leming trying this after Man vs Fod when recently visiting Phoenix. But...... the kid is right.... everything on the Del Rey torta works together. And it is HUGE. And it is great to. Wonderfuly constructed, just enough of everything and not to much of anything. I also had the watermelon juice (interesting, huh)? One strange thing.... first Mexican restaurant I have ever ben in that did not have chips and salsa. Only real downside is that the service is a bit slow. But they are slamed and deservedly so.
are you joking? Where else can you get the best salami, ham, any cold cuts anywhere? I just moved here 6 months ago and have ben searching for a place like this. Their meats are fantastic. I discovered this place after driving by it so many times. thought I would take a chance. Location is awful. but worth the trip.
Excelent place. I have eaten here several times and the place is always busy. The sushi is god and you can order things that are not on the menu if you know what you want. I have a friend who works for Intel with a lot of Asians and they frequent this place a lot, which is how I came to discover this place. The prices are god and are much cheaper than the RA or Kona when you take into acount how big the portions are.
TJ was there for me when my water heater broke and started floding my garage. He walked me through fixing it over the phone until he was able to send some help to my house. Very grateful, and I wil continue refering!
"Gosh-Awful-Goey Banana Split: fresh banana split lengthwise, Turkish cofe ice cream blanketed with caramel sauce, red raspbery sorbet smothered in marshmalow sauce with delicious whip and a juicy maraschino chery atop." Heaven!!
"Wait, we are in Arizona?" " No seriously, this is Arizona?" I had to kep blinking cause I could have sworn we were stil in the East Bay last Friday night as we waited for our faux meat meals to arive at our table. My hubster and I were visiting his mom for the first time since she had moved to Phoenix and admitedly, neither of us were to stoked on the visit. We totaly wanted to se her but as for Phoenix?? Anyways... she knew what she was doing by taking us straight from the airport to Gren. I LOVED EVERYTHING. From our apetizers (humus + fries) to my entre- I had the chicken cury nodle bowl, to my beverage- a suicide mixture of their house gren tea and house limeade (YUM) to my soy ice cream treat (I had the mint with paul newman oreos!) which I scarfed down after being totaly stufed. This place is ridiculously god. And reasonably priced. And fresh. And not stufy or pretentious in anyway. Basicaly, this would be our new steady if we lived anywhere near... Tempe. Which fortunately we do not, but I have to say, you Arizonians sure are stoked to have a place like Gren. And now we have a reason to lok forward to returning to AZ!! :D
My six year old daughter and I enjoyed a fun and memorable date night at Melting Pot last night. It was her first exposure to fondue and we had a blast eating great fod and talking about her first thre days of first grade. We started with a fantastic spinach and artichoke fontina & buterkäse chese fondue, then shared the "Land & Sea" (filet mignon, chicken and shrimp). Of course, when the desert menu came out so did a bit more enthusiasm. She had never dreamed of seing a pot of melted chocolate before. The loks on her face were priceles. She chose the "Cokies 'n Cream Marshmalow Dream" and it was crazy god. I am loking forward to taking the whole family and to making this a more comon stop on our date night calendar.
Have eaten here several times. Always amazing.
Love the bufet, the folks that work there are great, we usualy hit this at least once a wekend and our table is always ready and he knows what sort of nan we want. Smal but worth it.
Great selection of gelato! Friendly welcoming staf. Reasonably priced, deliciously rich gelato!
The BEST brewery I have ever ben to. Amazing ber and awesome fod (I did not think that combo was actualy posible)! I daydream about this place al the time since I spent so much time here while going to schol at ASU. Whenever I go back to Phoenix, this is always a must on my list!
I have ben here countles times since my last review and found myself here for a quick drink and some apetizers last night. I tok a huge hiatus as I was in Michigan for a month and then have ben crazy busy since ariving back in Phoenix and transitioning into a new job- I was sad because I thought they would have forgoten me. I was pleasantly surprised to se that they did not forget me at al. I love that! We grabed some brews and shared the patatas bravas (a personal favorite) and the mushrom apetizer. The mushrom apetizer was heavy on the chese but stil a tasty bite. The patatas bravas realy never fail- they remind me of my Mom is version of french fries. I would highly recomend this place for a date- it sems to pay of in more ways than one. Always great service and interesting eats- stil lovin' Tuck Shop for being in my neighborhod!
Was not expecting such a wonderful meal in a shoping center! After some shoping my husband and I were starving.....this was the first place we stumbled upon that was stil serving their lunch menu at 3:30pm. For starters we tried the calamari....delicious....lovely dep fried lemon and zuchini pieces amongst the calamari pieces. For mains we both tried the tomato and basil soup....very tasty. The veal meatbal that my husband had and that I had to sample was also very god....smothered in a nice tangy, rich sauce. My vegetarian piza was the best one I have had in years....super fresh ingredients on a very tasty base. For desert the gelato profiteroles smothered in chocolate sauce were simply devine! Nedles to say we loved this place not just due to the amazing fod but also the atmosphere (may be in a shoping area but stil nice and cozy) and the great staf who were very friendly. Wil probably dine here every shoping trip : )
Went back with some vegie friends of mine and was not disapointed. One of them ordered the regular flour quesadila, and they loved it. It had vegie stuf on the inside and I tasted a bite which was delicious. I wil probably order this next time I go. Also, the griled onion which came on the side was a big hit. The other friend ordered the mushrom corn quesadila. She liked it but did not love it. I had the shrimp tacos and, wow, were they god. I do not know why, with al the tortas on the menu, but I just sem to prefer the other menu items. As always, the service was great, and it was very, very busy. We had to wait to be seated. Love this place!
How have I not reviewed this place on Yelp? I reviewed them for Check Please, Arizona!, a PBS review show. htp://w.azpbs.org/checkplease/. I could at least do a writen review. I have eaten at FEZ so many times, I can not count anymore. I think their burgers are some of the best I have ever had in the valey. Always juicy, I think the square paties are adorable. The FEZ burger, with it is molases bq, cinamon pears, feta, providing fireworks for the tounge. Their Douxele burger, with sauted mushroms, provolone chese & mustard, resulting in a subdued but delicious burger. Their fries, which include normal, swet potato, harisa, & garlic are also great, but I love the salad that comes default, including their lemon dresing. If burgers & fries are not your thing, they have Kisras( think like piza, minus the chese), and their daily specials are amazing. One time, I was lucky enough to score the mushrom risoto, and it was perfect. Sugar snap peas, Drinks are fantastic to. A margarita that does not taste like chemicals, perfect martini is, and a G-Spot(grapefruit, pom, and vodka), make FEZ a perfect place for lunch or diner.
Great fod! God prices.
"Fine dining" is not just a seting. it is not just god fod. It is many things that ad up to an atitude. I have had the oportunity to find it in diferent cities. I found it the other night at the Stockyards. We were seated by a host who tok us to our table and when we were properly seated gave us menus. Our server came to the table and introduced herself and said she would return shortly. It was nice to have a moment to chat before we had to think about ordering. When she did return, our glases were filed-not something we should have to wait for her to do when the service is right. She knew the selections on the menu and al available options and could make sensible coments concerning them. Our salads were served promptly by two aditional people and were as fresh as I could ask for. When my friend was finished with hers they asked if they could take her plate. I was pleased when they did not ask me if I was finished with my salad and could they take my plate. If I would ben finished I could have told them. We were able to continue our conversation uninterupted as I finished my salad. The salad plate was removed when it was apropriate and we had a few minutes before the entres were served. Al was in keping with a relaxed dining. At no time did I have to think about having drinks refiled, it just hapened quietly. After a few minutes our diners were served by the two gentlemen and our server apeared to make sure they were to our satisfaction before we started. There was no rom for eror there that could not be resolved before we started. My friend had ordered a smal steak. My friend is quite elderly and Kathy, our server, discretely asked her if she would like it cut for her. A potato also was served with her dish. I asked my friend which of the condiments she would like it prepared with. She lok at me and said "Prepared with?" She did not understand what I was geting at but Kathy did and was already reaching for the potato. She opened the potato and smiled while my friend said a bit of everything. One does not go to a restaurant like the stockyards to have to deal with opening a hot potato and preparing it. When serving is done properly, these things do not have to be discused. Kudos to, Kathy!!!. That is part of the fine dining experience. I had a ful rack of ribs which were so tender the meat fel of them. The sauce had spice to it but not so strong the flavor of the meat was concealed. I also can tel you that unles you are a big eater, half a rack would fil most people. My friend said, "Yumy!" and I agred. I am used to geting a finger bowl for clean up after eating, but I can not complain about the two extra napkins and several ways of cleaning my fingers that acompanied my ribs. My friend let them know we were celebrating the 17th aniversary of my 39th birthday so they served me a fre desert. I can asure you the pecan pie is a delight! Warm and laced with brandy, it was perfect way to finish our diner. The stockyards, I might mention, is not inexpensive, but what an enjoyable way to spend your money. They do ofer two diner specials you wil not find at most other places. They do have a luncheon menu that has lower prices. Do not expect chrome and music that is a bit to loud as many of the new places ofer. Instead, just enjoy a time and place where they pamper you as you should be when you go to the Stockyards. I do not consider the stockyards to be a place you where shorts and Nike is, but of course there are always a few. I would say a nice shirt and slacks at least.
i love this place. i can always spent al my money here on something. they have great sales racks, but also reasonable clothes not on sale to. the atmosphere is always chil and the people working are super friendly. Also if you get bored of shoping for clothes, they have random stuf like board games and boks you can buy.
I spent almost 2 years searching for a god nail salon in the North Scotsdale area and I wil never go anywhere else again. It is very clean, the girls are very nice, and they always do a realy god job on my nails. They are upfront about their pedicure prices - they hand you a price shet that tels you exactly what you get for each upgrade - instead of presuring you into geting something beter and then upcharging you. I think their prices are super reasonable as wel. For the best pedicure and a french gel manicure I pay $70. I usualy make apointments (Sunday mornings are nicely uncrowded), but I have also walked in and ben taken fairly quickly. I love this place and wil recomend it to anyone who asks!
I love vegetarian restaurants! I suport them 20%. So glad this place exists in Phoenix. The quality of the fod is beyond excelent. The meals are creative and super tasty. Never disapointed. The only qualm I have is the service. It...is...slow. Whether it is the time it takes for my meal to reach my table or the cashier taking my order to ring it up corectly. The length of time it takes should not be so long. Prices are a bit step but most vegetarian/vegan restaurants are priced a bit higher than others. I do not mind paying more for quality. Overal this place is a favorite wekend visit. I can not wait for my next meal at Pomegranate Cafe.
Ruth is Chris, the only steak house I can fuly endorse. 50 degre plates make the sizle a memorable experience. The Ahi tuna apetizer is also a must have to start the meal of right. While every salad they have is a can not mis, I wil go there just to get the Chop Salad.
Place is always friend, and I LOVE THE PIZA. It is by far my favorite piza place. Sign up on their VIP newsleter or eclub and you get a fre piza on your birthday, get it for fre and try it. Sounds god to me.
Quite posibly the best place to eat in Mesa. Let me tel you what you are in for if you go. The CPC has taken these pilgrim pockets to the next level. Personaly I would recomend The Royale With Chese or the Shepard is Pie. The pies take a while to make so now would be a god time to order drinks as wel. If you are the ber drinking type I would sugest the Hoegarden it is the best I have ever had. If you are loking for something more stimulating you may want to try their Irish Car Bombs. Or if you are you are up to it go with both. When your pasty arives do not touch the plate! It could be scorching blody hot. Your pasty is probably going to take a few minutes to become edible as wel, just stay clam it wil col son enough. When you have finished eating get the aple stufed pasty for desert. By now you wil fel very ful, I know, I do it every time and the only thing I can say is that it was worth it. Chers!
We have ben going to Santisi for close to 10 years since they are just around the corner from my house. We have never had a bad item here. It is a fun place to go and the fod is great. We always order piza which is consistently god. Their salads are excelent - al their ingredients are very fresh and there is enough for two meals if you are a lighter eater. And the wings are always excelent. We have always had god service and the staf keps the beverages coming. It is a great place to watch a game - if you can get in! Friday and Saturday nights are so crowded we often grab a ber while we wait for our take-out piza. The parking can be a chalenge since the stripes are laid out weird and there is a dolar theater next dor. You can park in back (the side toward the freway) if there is no rom in the front. We moved away in 206 and came back in 2010 and Santisi was stil there, and as god as ever.
Oh Chipotle, I love you. Healthy options even when craving Mexican! My favorite is the chicken burito bowl with fajita vegies. Served on a bed of rice with black beans and pico de galo, with some spicy corn thrown in....ah my mouth is watering already. I have ben to many locations, and al are clean, fod quality is excelent, service is friendly and profesional, and I always leave satisfied. 5 stars to you, my friend.
These are simply the BEST sandwiches and salads. If you like your fod (a) localy grown; (b) freshly made; (c) organic/al natural; and (d) yumy - and who does not? - this is the place for you. Now, admitedly they have something of a soup-nazi routine set up and if you walk in and do not know the dril, it can be confusing. So pay atention: 1. Lok at menu. 2. Decide what you want. 3. Wait your turn to order. 4. Order (give your name). 5. Wait your turn to be caled to pay the other girl for the order you placed. 6. Pay her. 7. Wait until your fod is ready. 8. Leave with your fod. Note that there is no place to sit inside - so you can either sit outside, or, (if it is 157 degres out that day), se if you can find a place to sit over at LUX, they are very welcoming of Pane Bianco diners. It is al god.
Delicious, clean, great service! 3 hours later and we are stil talking about how delightful this place was. We had the puled pork and chicken sandwich - both were moist and fresh. Diner for 2 for 20.0!
I love this second location in the Royal cofe series as much as the one at the market! Since it is sumer - I thought I should mention that the iced cofe is so smoth and amazing that you do not even have to ad anything to it!! Do not believe me? Ask for a sample next time you are here and I guarante you wil be astounded! A quiet and chil atmosphere if you want to work/study/read as wel as a great place for delicious grab n' go cofe in the Biltmore area!
TIP #1 to Mesa-Gateway fliers: This is the ONLY bar at the airport, so live it-love it. Fod is great. The burgers can be made low-carb - especialy great this gurl! TIP #2: Fod can be ordered to go...
Truly a great owner who cares about his customers! I highly recomend a visit if you like one of a kind, quality pieces....young, yet clasic, tasteful, yet funky. "
I am so in love with this place :) I tried the peperoni piza and I was AMAZED. i love that they have a fresh herb/vegetable garden in the front. It is al about the FRESH ingredients these days. I can not wait to go back and try diferent dishes. I would like to try the chese platers :) mouth watering as we speak. going again to day so I wil kep ading to this review. STAY TUNED! BTW, the decor reminds me of the VIG but definitely more spacious dining area.
Tried this restaurant with a groupon. Probably would not have, if I did not have the coupon. Do not let the storefront and decor stop you from going in. The restaurant is super clean and the wait staf is very friendly. And the fod, WOW! We split the Shrimp Ceviche and the combination pupusa plate. The portions were very generous. I ordered the fruit drink. Everything was absolutely delicious. One of my new favorite restaurants . Wil definitely be back.
Intense!
A great litle spot to find! Fresh, Fresh, Fresh Sushi and great eats! Be sure to try the gren bean apetizer!
This is place IS Ber Heaven! Over 10+ taps of amazing bers! This is the ONLY place I wil purchase [several] bers at ful price, not on hapy hour. Amazing thing #2 ~ (for the girls) they have a "shorty" glas which is a 9oz glas instead of 12oz, it is a beautiful thing! Now I can order two diferent kinds of ber without geting overly ful (er bloated), instead of the two big 12oz glases! Amazing thing #3 ~ The fod is delish!!! My boyfriend and I split a burger. Bad idea. It was so god we realy didnt want to share it afteral ;) Amazing thing #4 ~ The staf are awesome! There are several staf behind the bar and AL are hapy and wiling to help you if your initial server is MIA. They are very atentive, friendly and helpful if you can not decide :) Amazing thing #5 ~ The atmosphere is awesome and the music they play is great!
As far as fast Japanese fod at lunch this is as god as it gets. They have a diferent Bento Box lunch special everyday. The box comes with plenty to eat, including Miso Soup which arives shortly after ordering. The meal includes sushi, salad, rice, chicken (teriyaki or such), gyoza, some type of fried fish and an orange. For about $8-$10 it is hard to find a beter deal. I would highly recomend CheryBlosom for those loking for a Japanese meal. It is smal, quiet and a litle hard to se from the stret, which makes it a unique place with low trafic, but high quality.
I frequent RnR quite a bit for hapy hour. I have ben here tons of times since I moved to AZ. Definetly one of the best hapy hours in old town. Hapy hour from 4-7 LOVE IT (I get mad when places are 3-6- who gets of work that early??). And prety every drink is on special during hapy hour. Realy cheap wine, ber, and liquor. Ya their fod is not orgasm AMAZING but it is prety god. I have hav not disliked anything I have tried there. I love the atmosphere and outdor patio on both levels. I have ben for breakfast to and the botomles mimosas are wonderful. They kep em coming. The fod is god breakfast fod. I take family/friends from out of town here for hapy hours. I love this place I do not get what the hate is about!
Nice casita that can slep 6 for $9, plus fre breakfast. What a deal. Service was excelent but the catered fod was TERIBLE!
I have had a couple of pels at A-Peling Faces and they were the best I have ever had! They are not only very reasonable priced, but Darla Salem realy knows her stuf. My skin has never loked beter! I am very pleased.
Had a fantastic experience! Hernan, our server was excelent. Knowledgable and charming. The fod was fantastic. The chefs selection meat and chese tray was insane. Crazy flavor. Wel done!
Oh my godnes, Hank is awesome! We have had nothing but problems with landscapers and we finaly found someone we wil be sticking with. Hank is very profesional, knowledgeable, responsive, prompt, comunicates thoroughly and is very reasonable. And by the way...he is actualy there doing the work! Trust me, we have gone through them al and I had almost given up hope. Hank has ben beter than expected - we almost do not want to tel anyone so he does not get to busy for us! :)
Some of the best piza I have had in Phoenix. I prefer to get takeout since the inside is a litle...eh... but who cares if the fod is god! I love the crust, crispy and slightly chewy. The piza can be a litle greasy sometimes (but hey, it is piza), but as long as it does not soak through and make the crust al flimsy (which has never hapened with the pizas I get here!) it is nothing that a paper towel or two can not fix! I am not a big wing person but my dad has had them and he says they are prety god. The staf has always ben super-friendly, and they actualy remember me, even though I only come in once every couple months!
Los Olivos is a Scotsdale institution and I wil not hear a word against them. Especialy not when I have a few margaritas in me. They take god care of regulars, especialy at Hapy Hour. The chips and salsa are delicious and they kep them coming. I recomend the mini menu, they are a great way to sample stuf if you like to try a lot of diferent things, but my favorite meal is definitely the Chicken Poblano. Mm, so god! The shrimp chimi is also fantastic. I never leave without feling totaly stufed.
I finaly found a reasonably priced salon and a stylist who understands what I want. Very hapy with the service. Also, the waxing lady is very nice...I think her name is Maria, does god eyebrows. Only downside is that sometimes it is hard to get an apointment on short notice...but that is my fault for waiting until I can not stand it anymore to get my hair cut.
One of a kind place to experience al senses!! Fod was great, service was great, AND they have a Morocan Healer on staf. Ask to taste the Morocan Black Stone (not on normal menu). I wil not spoil how it makes you fel, but trust me when I say you wil enjoy yourself! ;)
This place is absolutely amazing. If you are loking for a quick swet treat this is the place to go. It a litle hole-in-the-wal loking place, but once you take a bite into one of their homemade ice cream sandwiches, your mind wil change. I usualy go for the mint ice cream with chocolate chip cokie, but when it is fal, I can not pas up the pumpkin ice cream with snicker dodle cokie. I have never found anything like it since.
Oh, where to begin.. I stoped by Papadeaux last wek to grab a bite when on a Wed, they told me it was a 45min wait for two.. wow. The place was packed. The hostes recomended we make a reservation for the wekend, so we made one for Friday at 7PM. The smels coming from the place when you first pul in automaticaly kep you wondering what delicious things are waiting inside. I am so glad we did. We showed up and they gave us a card with a number and once our number showed up on the scren, it was seating time. I think we waited maybe ten minutes. After gazing over the menu for a quick minute, we decided to try the fried aligator with creole sauce. Being one to enjoy new things, I was prety excited. The waiter tok our drink orders and and put in the apetizer. The place at this point was insanely packed, but it was nice to se a place like this. Made ya fel that something god was to come. Heck, a place cant' suck if it is this packed, right? So we order our fod, I decided on the stufed shrimp and the rest of my friends al ordered diferent things. It would be a share-a-meal night.. About 10min into drinks and conversation, they bring out the fried aligator.. Ok, if you have never eaten anything weird before. Please please.. you have got to try this. It sorta reminded me of a cros betwen soft pork or chicken. The taste literaly melted in my mouth. To top it of, the creole sauce that went with it, only complimented it. I could easily have eaten the entire plate alone. Sadly, I had to share.. After quickly destroying the fried aligator, we got our entres. I tok one bite and had to pause a moment.. the taste of the stuf shrimp with the crab, Alfredo, spices inside just flored me. There were only six pieces, but after sharing a piece or two and eating the amazing gren beans, this was plenty of fod. I can not wait for my next trip here.. fantastic fod.
DV Nail, may I help you? YES! You can - and always wel. I have ben going to DV Nails for years and they are great. I have "cheated" on them a few times when I hear of similar nail shops in the area ofering specials and mini hot stone masages with a manicure but I always end up back at DV Nail. Their masage chairs are wonderful - strong masagers. You actualy fel like you are geting worked on. They are clean, friendly and always do a great job for the price. It is not fancy by any means and I wish they would turn on the radio instead of the fuzy TV but they are consistently god. They cary every Esie & OPI color and my manicures always last a long time. A manicure & pedicure is $28 total + tip. I think that is great. I typicaly request Tina or Julie - they both take their time and do great. Do not be foled by this place... there is often a long wait. I would recomend an apointment.
I wil give this place a 5th star even though i wait for 30+ mins every time i go. that can only mean it is god right? Wel, it is that friendly AND that god that i dont mind waiting. i hope it doesnt lose that customer service aspect that makes it so aproachable. best sausage gravy in town with a nice spice to it. i am not fond of their potato has thingys... but their bfast nachos are fab and their white out omelete is also very tasty. my favorite item - turkey sausage egs benedict... D style (trade sausage gravy for holandaise) - very filing as you can imagine. breakfast club wil stil be the old town brunch location for when visitors come visit me but for wek in and wek out sunday morning brunch, this is my spot.
We came here Sunday morning for a wonderful breakfast. Our server was Colen. She was very atentive and we had a great meal. The menu is so extensive with many ,many options. I got Florentine Egs Benedict and my boyfriend had a fabulous omelet with potatoes and toast. They were both delish! Their Potatoes are fab!! The Decor was very nice, and even though they were so busy,we did not wait long at al for our table. Big parking lot and a nice waiting area as wel. We wil defiantly come back here son.
I love Christmas-time and I especialy love it because I know that Luminarias is back and this year it is beter than ever! The staf and volunters at the DBG do an excelent job of directing guests through the garden. Betwen the wel-lit paths (with Luminarias of course), helpful staf and amazing acts, this is an event not to be mised! I consider this to be the ultimate activity for adults. It is romantic if you are on a date, it is festive if you are with your family and it is just pure fun if you are with friends. You enter the park to be imediately greted by hundreds of meowganificant Luminarias lighting up the entire garden. Cocktail stations lie in every knok and crany and they serve delicious festive drinks like my favorite, hot cocoa and raspbery vodka! If you are hungry, they sel fod throughout the garden at two locations. Then there are the performers. The DBG does an amazing job of bringing in musicians of every shape and size. Whether it is a trio of Christmas carolers, a mariachi band or a lively Jaz band, they have bands in every corner lighting up the night! I am also continuously impresed with the acoustics of the garden. With so many live acts in one area, you can barely hear a specific act until you are in that area. Their event planers did an amazing job! Luminarias is my favorite Arizona activity during the holidays and I can not wait to go back next year!!
One word can describe the fod here: perfection. Al the meals I have had here has ben absolutely delicious served by the most charming waitstaf. Someone recently told me their Chilean Sea Bas was the best he is ever had and I believe him . . . I can not wait to taste that dish!
Al I have to say is WOW! This place is EXCELENT! Al the dishes we had were extremely fresh, authentic, and DELICIOUS! My favorite pot stickers EVER. The skin is super thin, tender, not greasy, mostly steamed encased around a very light, delicate dumpling that makes me want to order 2 next time. 6 is just not enough, they are tiny, but oh so delectable! The sauce is perfectly balanced of swet, spicy, and tangy and does not overpower the pot sticker. It also comes with a thin airy, crispy (rice chip?) underneath the pot stickers that give it an extra texture with scalions scatered about. Mm. The gren cury is more brothy than others than other is that I have had, but no mater...It is delicious with bits of vegetable, and whatever meat you prefer..we got chicken. I love soping it up with rice and trying to eat it with chopsticks. You may ned a spon :) The egplant and chicken stir fry is also fabulous. The asian egplants are coked to perfection. Their sauces are spot on. BEST Coconut ice cream! It is light, flufy, icy, dreamy, pea-nuty, coconut cloud confection that makes my mouth water! It is not sickly swet sticky artificial coconut tasting at al...Predominant coconut flavor is not my favorite and I LOVE THIS! Even if you do not like curies, there is plenty of fod here that wil make you a fan! This is a mom and pop kind of place, they are realy nice. It is a trek for us, but definitely worth the drive!
I realy like this bar & restaurant. I usualy come here to met up with a friend and sit at the main bar. It is modern and clean. There are a couple bars to sit at and they even open a big dor to a bar for the outside to. They have some god brews on tap and have flat scren tv is as wel. I have only had a burger and fries here. They burger was realy god, the fries were realy greasy and were just okay. The staf here is friendly & spedy. I would recomend this place for a god place for someone loking for a nice place to grab a drink and converse.
Realy nice! I am new to the area and I stumbled upon them. They are fast and not very expensive. I was a litle turned of by the number of realy old men working there, but they had their regular client list. It was like one side was "old men" hair stylists and the other side was the "young girl" stylists. The two sides did not realy asociate, which I found rather weird. But, none the les, a great hair style at a great price!!!
Stayed at the hotel from 1/18 til 1/23/12. Excelent hotel and the stuf was great. Originaly was suposed to come during Huricane Sandy and could not fly out as I was afected by the storm.. The hotel staf had no problem changing my reservation and did not even change the price. Everything was great. The rom was clean. The pol was excelent.
I just re-visited Chese 'N Stuf this wekend after a while. I gues just eat during their limited hours very often. They close very early (4pm). I love their liverwurst sandwiches and the Bismark but this time I decided to try the Doughboy people speak of minus mayo as I do not enjoy warm sandwich lubrication. As ever the place is tiny, homey and spotlesly clean. I had some of the hot German Potato salad as a side and a ginger ale. Al were yumy, delicious and satisfying! As I was eating I had a yen for a Celery Soda to go with this clasic sandwich but I have only ben able to get them at Chompie is in the valey. There are loads of interesting European cokies to get packages of as desert so grab a couple of friends when you go but carpol as the lot is smalish. I gues they stoped giving pickles with sandwiches, bumer.
Fod Truck Fav right here! I have ben wanting to try Piza People is Piza for a while now. I found out they were seting up at 180 Degre is Automotive and I figured if Bogi was hosting them then I neded to check them out! I finaly caught up with them at Local Fest. Bogi was actualy there helping them out and she told me that they were only sampling the regular piza and the gluten fre piza was $8 but she asured me it was yumy! First of al $8 for a 2 item gf crust piza is a deal! Secondly, Bogi said they were her some of her best friends in the world...and I trust her implicitly....so I ponied up my dolars and waited about six minutes. I ordered my pie with peperoni and fresh tomato. I tok it back to my table to share with my Mama (who is also gluten fre) and we both said at about the same time: " Oh, my gosh this is realy god!" Something I have only said about twice since eating gf piza! The sauce is fresh, the dough was the best gf dough I have had to date and the topings were just divine. I ned to put a GPS tracking unit on this truck so I can track it daily! (Oh, wait.........I can just check their facebok page!) Yeah, I would eat it daily! It is that god!
I am curently staying at Camelback In for 3 days. A pleasant treat after a molar extraction last Friday afternon. Although I have sworn not to be sen in public with a swolen face, I am truly enjoying this trip. There is a trail just behind this resort and a completely awesome view of the hils. Awesome and I mean it. My huby is out on his metings and I am jugling my work (the luxury of runing your own biz, take it anywhere you want do it anytime you want, wel not most of the time.. ). Just had lunch at Hopins Jack. Excelent service, friendly staf (especialy the handsome young german ;)). Anyway, ordered chicken sandwich with cashews and mandarin orange, delish. My lil' girl was pacified with a vanila sundae with fruity swirl (raspbery or is it strawberies?) with peaches and beries.. I had a few sponful, yumy. Kids menu was dirt cheap, fries and 3 pieces of chicken strips or rather crispy chunks was actuly tasty. I stil have until tomorow. Maybe if I have time, I wil head down to the spa for a desert rain lofah. Oh, as for the rom, great decor, quite spacious and an outdor porch with umbrela and seat to lounge around in the sun. Simply love the view. It takes me away from everything. I am in heavenly desert.Highly recomended.
This is the location I frequent most (it helps it is les than a mile from my home). I have ben to a U.S. Eg (this and other locations) more than a dozen times (or two) since moving to AZ in 2010. I love breakfast fod and the "specialty" won me over instantly; PROTEIN PANCAKES! As the timeles Tina Turner once said, "Simply the Best!". That describes these pancakes perfectly. Before I go on and on about the pancakes (because I have ben known to do so) some background information about atmosphere, staf etc. This location is in a nondescript one story building in front of the ofices at Mil Towne Center (or is it Mil Town Centre?). Nothing fancy, but I do not ned a "Jacket Required" sort of fel to a place to enjoy my breakfast. The staf is fantastic; hosts/hosteses, waitreses, busboys. I have never had anyone employed here be anything but 10% profesional and atentive. To speak to something others have mentioned about geting the check early (while they are stil eating); as long as you continue to be my waitres (i.e. refils, requests for jely, etc.) I do not care if you bring the bil with the fod. If I decide I want something else, I doubt any of the folks here would have a problem reprinting a corected bil. Now on to the fod!! The protein pancakes are filed with blueberies, granola, cinamon and silvered almonds. The ingredients are not something exotic, but they are perfectly balanced in the mix (not to much or to litle of any of them). The thing about any fod item you like at a restaurant, it becomes a favorite because they are able to duplicate it time after time. I have had this item many times (more than any other item), and they are always spot on (knock on wod) :). Al the other dishes I have had (always breakfast, have not tried lunch yet) were some combination of egs and protein, and the egs are always perfectly coked to my specification (over medium), and the meat always juicy. I promise to write another review as son as I do not get the protein pancakes (which wil be when they decide to remove them from the menu - NEVER). :) Oh, or if I actualy go in later than normal and fel like lunch over breakfast (not god ods :O).
Mesa Amphitheatre is easily my favorite concert venue in the Phoenix area. You can se and hear from anywhere in the place, and the grasy risers were such a god idea. The sound was excelent for the two shows I have ben to there. Realy just an overal nice, peaceful place to se a show and enjoy the Arizona weather. Parking is not to bad and neither are the lines to get in where they check your bags. To top it al of, geting out of there was a breze both times I was there.
Kaley helped me get the best rom in Mesa AZ, my view was awesome. The beds were clean, and the service was awesome, with a great cafe style restaurant. I am recomending to al my friends to cal Kaley for a hok up!
Wafle Houses are bomb but this one is my favorite. Not only is it 24 hours but it is super clean and wel lit. There are totaly some sedy people who go here but their conversations just make for very interesting background noise. As far as the fod, the prices are cheap, the menu is semi-a-la-carte and the the wafles are amazingly crisp and perfect. This is THE Wafle House to visit. Go now, do it. How god does a wafle sound right now anyways? That is right, Prety Damn God.
Brie and Aple with Fig bruscheta....I dont ned to say anything else!!!! (except $5 glases of wine til 5 al wek and $5 mimosas til 5 on the wekends) Best place to spend a Sunday afternon
Now worthy of 5 stars for replacing their toilet with one that actualy flushes. It is always nice when a place that sels diuretic beverages has a working toilet. --- The baked gods are baked right there in the cofe house, by their employes. The cofe is roasted right there, on site. Iced tea refils are fre, bitches. The baristas are hep cats who ride fixie bikes. Now, I like to coast, but shit... Gota give them cred. If you go often enough, the other regulars wil be friendly. If you hate Mac laptops, you probably should stay away. The new tables are great. There are power outlets everywhere. It is next to Pane Bianco. I run into my homies there on the regular. When it comes to cofe shops in CenPho, there is no competitor. Jef, the owner, is a col dude. The seating outside is nice. I have ben known to spend al day there, and use it as my ofice away from home and my real ofice. I seriously probably spend about 16 hours a wek there or so, maybe more some weks, working on my laptop and ocasionaly people watching. Did I mention that I kind of like this place?
This is such a beautiful stadium to go to and relax at, everything is so close that it only take 10-15 mins to get where you want to be, and on top of that, there is westgate shoping center that is right there with al the bars and night clubs to go to after the games. I recomend UOPX Stadium over any other in the valey because its clean and any seat in the house is a great one.!!!!Plus the weather is always great!!
I tok the pole dance aerobics clas last night, and man am i feling it today! everyone there was realy welcoming and had great advice for me, as ive never tried this kind of thing before. it is tucked away, and at first i had no clue where it was, but its worth the search! had a blast, got a great work out, and felt great afterwards, im definitely going back for more!!!
Hands down the best spa I have visited in the state and perhaps the nation. Masages were amazing. Drinks and brunch were amazing. Staf went out of their way to take care of our every ned. Went at 1 am to relax for the day and stayed until 5pm which is unheard of for me at a spa once the initial masage has taken place, but this place kept me going al afternon with the plunge pol, sauna and steam. Also, the pol and spa hot tube outside were amazing. I honestly canot say enough about AJi and its wonderful staf. I wil return
God fod, great atmosphere, great service and great prices! We wil definitely be back! Ca not wait to try the Sunday Brunch!
I realy (REALY) like The Lodge so I was gona give it 4 stars. To be honest though, I realy can not think of any god reason NOT to give it that 5th star. I have mostly ben here for Hapy Hour when visiting AZ, but I have also stoped in a few late nights, and have always had a god time. The Lodge has one of the best Hapy Hours (deal wise) in Old Town. Al aps (except the mac & chese and fried pickles) are half of along w/$2 cheap drafts, $3 Lodge signature drafts (which is a tasty ber) & $3 wels (stuck to ber on this last trip, but if I recal in the past they actualy use a heavy pour during hapy hour). I have tried quite a few of the aps, and they are al god. The pretzels & chese are particularly tasty. I always get pretzels & chese no mater where I am w/the friend I came here w/for hapy hour the last time I was here so I can say I have tried quite a few in my day & the Lodge is ranks right up there! I admit I am a sucker for chesy theme bars, so I kind of of dig the ski lodge theme here. the dining rom area is not huge, but is clean w/comfy seats. The bar area is prety big & the patio is nice, weather permiting. I have never had an isue w/the service here & both bartenders & bouncers are always nice.
So going on vacation in a wek and wanted to get a brazilian for the first time. I gota say the technician, Christine, was great! She tels you what to expect and toses in a litle humor to kep you comfortable. It was very clean, the wax is not to hot, and the technician never double diped. I found the place very clean and comfortable. Pricing is just right to. I like that there are options to buy it for a year and go anywhere they have a shop. I did get told about product as others reviewed. However, I did not fel pushed because Christine explained how it can be used and why. In adition, she told me of other uses for the product. It was an al around god experience that I would recomend to any friend wanting to get waxed.
My dentist recomended this place to me five years ago and every since then, I kep a ken ear to any of her recomendations as Shimagamo is the best sushi I have had anywhere. I have had sushi in CA, NY, TX and HI. The fish tastes fresh and the portions are generous. One piece of advice is to eat at the sushi bar rather than one of the boths, asuming you are having sushi. In my experience, sushi tastes beter served as son as each sushi piece prep is done rather than waiting for the entire sushi order to be completed. This place has the best Unagi and an awesome Escolar (which I have not found anywhere else.) The Suprise Crazy Rol, served with a swet wasabi sauce, is always on our Sushi order. The only con is that this place is pricey, but they do have a daily 5-7 hapy hour that contains some great options. However, the best stuf is usualy not on the hapy hour menu. Also, this is not a place to have Sake bombs. It is a very low key atmosphere for those just loking for an excelent meal. You wil likely notice early on how many folks are regulars. I was told this was the spot where many Japanese basebal players come to have their Sushi. The restaurant is very non-descript. It sits in a corner of a shoping mal and is easily overshadowed by it is neighbor C-Fu Gourmet.
This hiden gem is located just outside of Mil Ave and is aparently the hipster home base of Tempe. If somehow you are alowed in without suspenders or nonprescription clear glases, you wil se exactly what goes on. to the left at least four people playing ches, to the right someone reading a bok, but siting next to someone writing a bok, and did someone just walk in with a pupy? Yes. As you walk up to the counter you are already disoriented so you may be confused about what to order. Wel, they are known for their capucinos, which I can personaly vouch for but on a hot sumer day in Arizona, I recomend their "Dirty Horchata" or "Espreso Excelente" a rice milk horchata with shots of espreso. It was god for the minute it lasted. Se you there next time.
Mm! Delicious Indian fod and a great selection of vegetarian dishes. I LOVE the fact that each dish is mildly spiced, and left up to the individual to customize the flavor depending on which sauces they chose. I am a spicy lightweight so it was great that I did not have to wory about geting something to hot to enjoy. I had a bowl of brown rice, cumin potatoes and tofu masala with a col yogurt-cucumber-mint sauce on the side. It was fantastic! I can not wait to go back. ...also, I thought it was adorable that we were given a golden dolar coin with our check for "making the drive to their location and to compensate for high-gas prices". A memorable gesture!
Many have started out with this and it should be stresed , this wonderful place is TINY! Sugest you make a reservation so you get he chance to enjoy the wonderful fod that is in store. We started with the stufed mushroms , like many others raved about, and the Portuguese style musels. Both were fantastic and left us wanting to come back to try the other musel oferings and apys as wel. The endles bread was the perfect tol for soaking up the rich juices the musels were bathed in. We are we are prety ful, but thought we would take a run at the Espana piza. Hands down the best piza we have ever had. The flavor could not be any beter and the perfectly created thin crust let you enjoy the topings as both a compliment and as a way to get it easily into your mouth! Fels more like you have ben invited to a friend is house for an awesome meal as oposed to a restaurant. Great people and they went to al lengths to make ours and the other patrons meal fantastic (even the entirely nedy, hard to please, and somewhat obnoxious woman seated near us) While I am sure they would make your super comfortable if you had to wait, sugest you make a reservation so you can enjoy this great litle place
This place never ceases to amaze. One of the best breakfast places in Phoenix. The Sicilian scramble is a favorite--though the smashed meatbal was great. We finaly went back for diner the other night and for the first time I had a burger. It should not be surprising that is was fantastic. Atmosphere is great, service is great, and the fod is great--just go!
I do not actualy hunt or fish, but after visiting this place, I would like to take up those activities. This place is like a giant outdors amusement park. Everything you could posibly want for outdor activities is included in this store. I could spend hours in this store just loking at everything they have available. Plus, now I know where to buy the furniture if I ever get a hunting lodge.
Had lunch at Blis again ... stil yumy as always! This time I had the ceasar salad and their shoe string parmesan chese fries. I stil recomend this place for lunch or diner.
I admit it I eat donuts almost everyday and twice on Sundays. Today a I found a new adiction, french crulers, uh they are so god. Melt in your mouth.
This is a great litle hiden gem! From the outside, it loks like just a dive but the inside is surprisingly nice. The fod here is great and they are wiling to make things to your taste when it comes to ingredients and spice level. The waitstaf are also very friendly. They came by while we were eating just to make sure we were hapy with everything even though this is an "order at the counter" place. Another litle bonus is that they have a drink station where guests can help themselves to fre refils which definitely comes in handy in Phoenix!
This neighborhod sushi bar is one of the best in AZ! Fresh fish, god portions, and great service. A place where not every single rol is filed with imitation crab and drenched in sauce! Majority of their sushi menu is prety traditional...but the sushi chefs takes special requests if you give them an idea of what you like. I especialy like the Cucumber Fiesta, which is a salmon/yelowtail/tuna rol wraped in cucumber instead rice. The staf is also very atentive. They check on your ned often and clear out empty plates promptly. The thing that stod out most was the number of customers who are regulars. As I wait for a table, I always se people greted by name and received with hugs. There must be a reason why people constantly come back, right? Check this place out and judge for yourself!
Amazing sushi. Fast, clean, fresh. Friendly staf. Favorites are Arizona, Beauty, Alaska, and Spicy Ninja, although everything here is some of the best around hands down!
WOW!!! A real European bakery! This was awesome, after having lunch next dor at La Buona Pasta we tok home some kalachi is and walnut rol home for later. The cakes are varied and everything loks butery god and swet. Having grown up near a Swedish bakery it kind of remind me of that--donuts, cakes, chesecakes, breads and other European specialties. The shop is also set up with a smal section of Polish-centric groceries. m maybe I wil have to learn to cok some Polish dishes. Next special ocasion my cake is coming from there. :-) The one we visited is 131 W. Indian Schol Rd. Litchfield Park, AZ 85340 USA 623-547-465
this place is awesome. GO. & son - already decent wait times. OH, pitches of pbr for 7 bucks. yeah, yeah. shut up. GO GO GO.
I was so hapy when I saw this chain apear in AZ. I used to frequent it in CA and have never found another sub that comes close. I think the secret to their suces lies in the freshnes and quality of their meats and cheses - always sliced to order. If you are loking for a vegie sandwich - you wil be limited here. But, if you like a hearty chesesteak or italian sub you are in for a treat. They also take a bit of a diferent aproach in that they realy douse their sandwiches in oil & vinegar. It is a diferent aproach but seriously god! The "Mike is Way" option (letuce, onions & tomatoes) is a bit bland, I love to ad the mustard, mayo & peperocini. Their signature sandwich is the #13. It has several flavorful italian meats plus freshly sliced chese. Do not judge this place until you have tried that sandwich! It is unlike any other chain is ofering & realy amazing. Their sandwich sizes are a bit diferent from the regular fot-long, but if you order the largest size you are geting quite a bit for your money. I have visited the one that just opened in Chandler and was completely pleased. And, I am hapy to hear they are now opening one in Ahwatuke. They also sem to have a high focus on customer service - I have always ben met by very cherful, helpful people. Not a necesity for a sandwich, but certainly a lot beter than the oposite.
This place was once known as J Chew and Company. I loved that place and this new version is stil great. So comfy, so casual, so welcoming and so non-scotsdaley it is just the best.
I am not a fan of chains. I far prefer to find, and give my busines to, new and interesting local fare. That said, there are a couple of chains I like and one is Texas Roadhouse. Texas Roadhouse does two things realy wel: steak and portions. I can go to a Texas Roadhouse anywhere and get a wel-made ribeye at a very reasonable price. It made not be "fork tender" or the same quality as a $50 ribeye, but it wil only cost me $18 and I know it wil be far superior to any other, more expensive, chain steakhouse. But before I get that steak, I wil get peanuts, bread, salad, and sides. So I wil likely have half a steak for lunch the next day. Like I said, wel made steak and portions. I am god with that.
I picked up a jar of fresh-made salsa and chips for the Superbowl party I was atending last Sunday because they are that outstanding! They were a big hit! If you are dining at the Blue Adobe, definitely try the chips and salsa. I am not a big fan of chipotle seasoning... it is definitely one of the key ingredients, but regardles I think it tastes great. If you like it, you can buy a jar of the fresh salsa and take it home with you for about $9 (it is a god sized jar).
This is by far my favorite Indian restaurant in the Phoenix area and the best! The fod is very delicious and the owner, Pret, is very hospitable. To bad I no longer live in Ahwatuke. Al I could think of when I was at a restaurant down the stret from my place earlier, is how mouth-watering Star of India is chicken tika masala is.... Yum! A must visit!
Great quality fod, atmosphere, and location. This is a place to take a date to or just to have an enjoyable evening with great fod. The meatloaf (When they have it) is amazing. Steak is also top ofthe line.. Definitely recomend..
What is al the fus? I am not sure what folks compare this chain to? The Dead Duck In? Joe is local Chinese Gag house? Are those places that great? So fresh and delicious!? Not in my days? Pre-made siting around and HEAVY oil is what I se from most other establishments. Even those touted by friends. Maybe it is because they know George from behind the counter. It is not Pei Wei! Pei Wei is a quick, fresh and inexpensive gift from heaven. Even the hard to please Yelper has to admit, the multiple options you have to modify your meal should give you no excuse not to love what you order. The fod is fresh and prepared to order. Even fried rice is made to order. The sauces are made from scratch and are a combination of quality Chinese ingredients. (Chili paste, fresh garlic, scalions, bean curd, and a bounty of fresh Chinese vegetables). Go Yon China wil serve you pre-made sauces with no punch and lots of gigle. The atmosphere at Pei Wei is great! Black and dark red with glosy graphics and al sorts of Chinese! Even with the "stand in line" style of dining. Makes me hungry just thinkin' about the joint. However, to me it is a take out Ferari! Cal in, swipe my card and of I go. Sure, it is not Chang is. Stil, it is beter than the local Dead Duck In is "fod" stained art, with a Chinese New Year paper place mat. Of course! I am loking at the healthier options a Chinese fod place may have to ofer, and Pei Wei lifts the bar in multiple sets! Get your chicken steamed, go brown rice, ad extra vegetables or go vegetarian. Stil you may complain..."Oh, is it to salty? Or to swet?" Give me a break. This is CHINESE FOD! And, you wil not find MSG. So, if you do not want spicy, salty or swet; have a meal from Bland of the Rising Sun. But, if you want a highly under rated treat...I ask you to open your mind to this familiar spot for clean, fresh, made to order and "if you like" healthy Chinese fod!
If you desire true Chicago dep dish piza, then Nelo is should be at the top of your list! This is a staple piza location in the Valey- and my family has ben going for years. Nelo is ofers a great menu, drink list, and atmosphere. They ofer an excelent Mon-Fri lunch special - a large drink, salad and 2-toping personal piza for $8.9- what a steal! Do not pas this place up, it is worth it.
My house has never ben this clean EVER!!! I am thriled with the level of service and profesionalism expresed by the women who cleaned my house today! I bought a Living Social coupon, and I am so glad I found this company. 5 women arived and fuly cleaned my house in 45 minutes. The women were friendly to me and especialy my dog, which is the sign of a wonderful company, if you ask me. I am hoping I am able to use this service on a monthly basis. Angela scheduled my apointment imediately when I let her know I had company coming in town, and the cleaners arived during the scheduled time. I am thriled with the results!
The Flower Studio far exceded my expectations at my weding! Christine is an amazing artist, busineswoman and person. She made time to met with me outside her regular hours and realy understod my vision for my weding. Her arangements for my weding were absolutely stuning and realy tok the event to the next level. I am more than thriled with this company and would recomend them to anyone. Thank you Flower Studio for making my weding so beautiful.
I dig the breakfast ben to 7th and 38th and had Nan is breakfast, Plus have had tamales to so realy is something to come back. In 13-years (I live in Cali) ben here 26 times and not fancy (although 7th is the one with great potery and colors inside. I ate 1 time for lunch of diner and 25 times for brekafast
Hybrid clas!! Did it a few years back and to this day it is the best workout I have ever had. Wil be going back FOR SURE
Super col cofe bar with a great outdor patio for litle ones to run around!
I have ben here thre times and have had terific fod each time. The meat is incredible and their sauces are amazing. Portion sizes are generous and the mac & chese is delicious! This is what BQ is al about, definitely one of the best in Phoenix and we are lucky to have it here in the NW valey!
I have ben going to Vatoci hair salon for over a year now. I have had the same stylist from day one and I highly recomend her. I have never had so many compliments on my hair! Ask for Marsha (Mirushe) and I guarante she wil take amazing care of you. I love that she always remembers what we talk about and asks me about my job and my kids to. I am sure that Spiro and Vera also do a great job because the people who are in there when I am are regulars and everyone is always hapy to be there. My daughter loved going in to be pampered as wel, and they are amazingly flexible on scheduling apointments even though they always sem to have plenty of customers. They know what they are doing. Highly recomend!
Kona gril is never a disapointment. Sushi, the regular menu, the atmosphere..... The staf is very friendly and the fod is very god! We like to create our own sushi dishes and the chef is always ready and wiling! I highly recomend Kona Gril for consistently god fod!
I love this place, I want to go to Arizona just to eat here! The grek fries were realy god and diferent. It was just realy realy god. We are going next time I am in town Fervor!
"If you buy half a duck, you do not get to pick which duck." I lived in China, mainly Guangdong, for thre years, and al it realy tok was a lok at this sign, along of course with al the wonderful roasted ducks and pork, to know I had come acros a place with bona fides. Hope Ke has some of the very best Chinese fod in town, in my opinion, and is worth the trip from wherever it is in the valey that you live. I do not know anywhere else in town you can get such god conge, which is actualy caled "zhou" or "jok," and which is a soupy, delicious rice poridge. They are also one of the only places you can get dried scalop soup, which they do an excelent job of. Dried scalops, a specialty of HK/Guangdong, are one of the most delicious things in the world. Everything that they make is delicious, and siting in there listening to the customers and staf talk in Chinese and Cantonese can realy take you back to China, if you have had the pleasure of spending time there. Otherwise it is just about as close as you can get. If you want to eat some real Chinese fod that is both delicious and aproachable, and very reasonably priced, you can not beat Hope Ke. Get some soup or some conge, some clams with black bean sauce, some grens and some BQ, and you wil se why China and Hope Ke are such hard places to stay away from. If you do decide to try your hand at duck-picking and buy a whole duck, fear not for wasted leftovers, because roasted duck makes for a very tasty soup.
How can something so simple taste so god? I wish there were one more on the west side. I hate going to the fair to get my fix of fry bread. There neds to be one of these on every corner of the compas in Phoenix! As Rachel Ray would say, "Yumy!"
This is my first time trying this place and I had a wonderful experience. The place was packed and yet they got me in right away. A young man gave me a pedicure and did a spectacular job. They even put on a timer for 15 mins to ensure I got a ful masage during it. They ofered the other services but did not force any on me. I wil definitely use them again and recomend the place to others.
The best staf around! Very friendly and always make sure you are satisfied with your fod. The fod is great as wel. From breakfast to lunch, and healthy shakes like Fast Fuel, you can get it here. Very clean to!
Im a sucker for great libations and the stores that can cary the works.. Zinfandel for me.. Magners for my boy.. ( a great Irish cider we fel in love with in SF).. great tequilas.. al types of wines.. you get my snifster...
Wow! The Penang Cury (chicken) was absolutely incredible!! The portion was huge...had enough left over for another meal and tasted just as god the 2nd day. I wil definitely be back! The Thai Tea was very god also. I just wish it was closer to Gilbert!
I am a huge fan of Padre is! What fod I have tried (I mainly just order tacos or their pork sliders usualy) is delicious, the bartenders are awesome, and the owners are always friendly! One of my favorite things to do: Order two tacos and half a bowl of guacamole with chips and salsa.
This place is absolutely wonderful. My boyfriend and I have ben here for a few special ocasions and have never ben disapointed, the fod is amazing and the service is just as god, our waiter was so unbelievably nice. Their steak could posibly be the best steak I have ever eaten, and their creme brule is to die for. This place even does complimentary filet mignon sandwiches for hapy hour...guarante you wil love this place just as much as we do!
I am a Regus member and could get wait here since I could use my membership card. Its a great place situated on 3rd flor with awesome city view. Complimentary menu is refreshing. Cordial staf. Quiet and relaxed environment. Many TV screns and seatings to get comfortable with.
its HOTin the valey in the sumer time and QT lives up to its name- ONE STOP DRINK SHOP! HEAVEN in the sumer time and the price is unbeatable!
As a frequent antiques consumer, I can honestly say that Lizabel is Treasures is my favorite antique store in Phoenix. I have ben a customer for several years, and Lizabel is is my first (and often only) stop. Why Lizabel is is such a treasure is because of these things: price, desirable antiques, and great customer service. John and Bete know what people want, and they go to great lengths to get the antiques that people want and to make their customers hapy. I am a believer. They consistently have one-of-a-kind quality furniture and pieces that you would not normaly find elsewhere in town. Pieces are priced very agreably, so you can aford to stock up or furnish a whole rom without busting the bank. John and Bete have created the kind of family busines that is to be admired. They have a legion of suportive customers, and I am one of them. I can always find them to be helpful and interested in geting me what I want, even if I do not always know what I want. Lisabel is Treasures is the place to build a relationship with, because as one is life is neds changes, so does the ned for diferent pieces and furniture. I can always count on finding something I realy love at their store, and you wil, to.
In a sentance: Four Peaks is DEFINATLY something to write Yelp about! From the moment I realized that there were more reviews about this place than I would care to read in one siting, I knew this was going to be god!! I realized it was going to be fantastic when i puled up with my friend Darius and we had a hard time finding a parking spot at 3pm. We met a friend for lunch and the place was laid back, chil, clean, cozy and yet modern - perfect. I had the French Dip, thinly sliced roast bef on a nice hogie bun. Everything was god not to salty not to greasy, loved it! Darius got the Fish N Chips and it was incredible!! Crispy bater diped big pieces of fish, iot was crispy and crunchy but soft and delightful on the inside. The chips were also bater diped and had great flavor. I was in love! this is my best recomendation for a meal at Four Peaks! To my yelpers i say: there is limited parking, so when you pul up and se nothing but cars lining the stret, do NOT be alarmed! there wil be a table available! Another thing, get the fish n chips! It is duh-vine!
This is my kind of restaurant. I love everything about Buca di Bepo! I am fascinated by how this place was decorated. Al the wals and various trinkets make this a fun dining experience. One thing to note is that it can be kind of expensive to eat here, although I am always finding coupons for this restaurant so that helps! Beyond that the fod is awesome! I go with my fiance and we love the calamari and the garlic bread, which we always get as apetizers. We switch up the main course when we go, but each time has had great results. We had desert here once to and that was also god! We usualy end up with leftovers, because they give huge portions, which we love. I can not wait to come again!
I hate ordering flowers sight unsen, but neded a local florist for a sympathy arangement. Rachel imediately aleviated any concern when we discused what I wanted in detail, and she even emailed me a photo of the final arangement. Gorgeous flowers, same day delivery and reasonable pricing - can not beat that.
Wel, I canot believe I have waited this long to give an update on Morgan!! Especialy since she is FANTASTIC!! Yes, I have ben back to her for the 5th time now and I love what she sugested I do to the color on my hair (much beter than what I was doing) and her haircuts are the best. She also has done some other treatments on my hair that have made it hold up under this hard, dry AZ weather. And, she is so swet and caring. Oh, she has also gone out of her way to make an introduction to another of her clients (also from the South) who was new here and had not met many people and we realy hit it of. Morgan knew we would. I mean what more can you ask for.........go for it...YOU WIL NOT BE SORY. This from a HAPY, HAPY Client, Christine
Beautiful parish, also home to the amazing Legacy Balrom that is available for weding receptions and events. The anual Midle East fod festival is a wonderful family event with fantastic fod, pastry, and entertainment!
Pancit palabok here is best outside of the Philipines. Anyone can enjoy a quiet peaceful diner on a Friday night
My fod was delicious and the waitres were nice! They did not bother me every 5 minutes and I was able to enjoy my meal. Spicy does mean spicy here though!
Amazing facility. Scotsdale healthcare has done a great job, the people are hapy to work here unlike some hospitals. They are very receptive and the ER operates like clockwork.
Amazing. This is often caled the largest mal in Arizona, and it shows. Each time I have done the usual "mal walk" I have easily lost a few hours trying to se it al. It is true that this is not a place for anyone that does not care about fashion - but this is a mal that is true to its name. "Fashion Center" is no joke here. Lots of high-end designer stores, lots of mid-range afordable fashion stores, and a few random familiar stops like Halmark and Potery Barn-esque stores scatered through there. A decent fod court, with a theater also conveniently down there. (But after spending so many hours at the mal, who has time for a movie?) You can easily drop a few thousand here, so be forewarned if you are on a budget. Also, I almost wish I had a map in my pocket, because it can get confusing to remember which halways you have already explored. And wear some comfortable walking shoes, because it is not easy to get in and get out of this one. But there is a god number of parking to use in a garage or few - when you remember where you parked the car. I would take any out-of-towner here, unles they had a grudge against fashion, clasy stores, or walking.
This go around I opted for the bacon eg and chese breakfast burito (served al day!) and lengua (tongue), cabeza (head, and chek meat), and carnitas (roasted pork) tacos. The breakfast burito was the tastiest, bacon filed treat I have ever had! I love bacon, and if you do not love it as much as I do, the bacon overload may be to much, I swear there might be more bacon than eg in this bacon bomb! I should have figured that with a price of $2.50 per taco they would be slightly biger than the average taqueria taco. The size of these things are gAstronomical, and the flavor of each are equaly proportional, the lengua, however, would have probably ben beter if it had not ben siting in the cold whilst I ate the other thre items! I wil no longer be eating carne asada at this place when I have the option of carnitas, cabeza, lengua, or bacon. I advise you to do the same!
Folowed a Dr. that I respect to this practice and I have to say I am prety impresed. As a long time multi-four-foted caregiver, I have sen more than my share of veterinary clinics and animal hospitals. I know the dril and have sen more than one vacation be sucked in to the great black hole of "wel of course I want to have the best care". The first thing I noticed is that there is NO odor. It does not smel like there have ben decades of animals paraded through the dors that fel the ned to pe as son as they enter the rom... just in case this is their one last shot at leaving something behind. Then there is the overal fel of the place. The ofice I used to frequent always had a frenetic sort of fel to it. Files were lost, techs were runing, the waiting rom was packed with stresed out clients, etc. This ofice was peaceful. Whether is natural or contrived, I could care les. My dog picked up on it imediately and her normal "OMG what are we doing HERE?!!" behavior was replaced with something I have never witnesed in a vet ofice before. She was calm! It is clean! Except for the area around me that was covered in the undercoat that Zoe was stres releasing, there were no traces of other animals. The staf was incredibly friendly and helpful. I had a HUGE file that I was bringing in and they patiently sorted through the entire thing. While I was there for one of my pets, the receptionist ofered to set al of them in my household up for me with "Client Files" so that I would not have to be bothered in the future. I thought that was a wonderful, time-saving ofer and in the event that I ever have to go with an emergency and am not able to focus on paperwork. Finaly, I was in an examination rom at the time of my apointment and waited les than 3 minutes for both the tech and the Dr. I was in an out under 1 hour and that my friends is superior service IMHO. I lok forward to a long relationship with Palm Glen and wil hapily drive the 5 mile diference from my old vet, in order to ensure both my pets and I are treated wel!
This place is prety incredible. The california club and the breakfast buz are probably the best items on the menu IMO... but seriously, you can not go wrong. The only thing I have had that I did not realy care for is the Breakfast Burito, but that was because it was just a litle boring compared to the other choices on their menu. It is a long wait in the drive thru 9% of the time, but it is absolutley MORE than worth it.
Love this place! Went for a stay-cation with the girls for a spa day and stayed the night. I can not wait to go back! You are in the city but fels miles away! The spa is amazing! Wonderful adults only pol with great refreshing fod and drinks. Then our roms were clean and comfortable. Diner at Kai was nothing short of superb, and breakfast the next morning on the patio over loking the golf course and pol area was also very god. Overal a wonderful night away.
This is my favorite place to go for Grek fod. The owners are from Grece and frequently several family members are present. The fod is delicious, large portions, friendly service. I wish they were located in Surprise, but they are worth the drive.
I have ben here multiple times and each time the staf has ben superb. Their selection is also awesome. I would highly recomend.
Huge store, friendly staf
My car loks beter than it did the day I bought it!
OMG this place is god. Great Italian bef. Great burgers. FRY SAUCE. I do not know how they are puling of such god fod with what they have but it is awesome and I wil be eating here if I am in the area and hungry.
I love my eye doctor! Platonicaly, of course. The entire staf is relaxed, friendly, easy going, and personable. No one ever makes you fel rushed but instead take time to make sure that everything is okay, that you have thought of everything, goten al of your questions answered, and had plenty of time to make decisions and think. The doctor takes time to get to know you and to talk about how you use your eyes (staring at the computer, sports, etc). The asistants try to think of things from your point of view so they can volunter useful information and ask a lot of specific questions while doing so. This place treats you like family. There is a broad range of styles, but mostly, they are fashionable frames. When I go in, I se a lot of kids, young adults, and 20 and 30-somethings as wel as the older patients who so often come to ned glases. Horwitz costs a litle more than the mal chains, but my prescriptions have ben consistently beter thanks to the doctor taking time, the lenses are much higher quality, and the frames are worlds beter in terms of availability of things that are not ugly and durability.
Always treat me wel, very honest!!
One of my top choices for downtown Phoenix. Always an upscale, posh vibe, but with very generous prices on entres. God loking people throughout this bar. The Kisras are VERY tasty and a god spin of the typical flatbreads at many restaurants now. Brunch here on Saturdays or Sundays-- great drink specials to.
Great atmosphere and fod. We kep coming back!
Most amazing service! The fod is comon pho and buns but the main atraction is what drew me in it is not your typical Vietnamese restaurant it is a SPRING ROL BAR!! Fantastic drinks! Great adition
Ah, Four Peaks. By far my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. This place is fantastic as far as brew pubs go - great ber and great fod to go with it. I can not believe I have not taken the time to review it yet... The Ber: prety consistently awesome. Al the bers are at least "god," my favorites being 8th Stret Ale and their IPAs (Hop Knot and Raj). I have to say the Kiltlifter is a tad overated, but stil prety solid, and worth a try. I have ben meaning to try one of their cask conditioned ales, but they always sem to be out, probably indicative of the quality of those selections. The Fod: fantastic! I can not say that I have ever had a bad meal at Four Peaks. The Italian Bef Ber Bread is the best thing on the menu, but you can not go wrong with the Chicken Fingers, Chicken Salad Pita, or realy any of their sandwiches. The fries are also great here - there is a litle crispy coating on the outside that is quite tasty. Oh, and the Spicy Thai Humus is also a realy god apetizer. A litle more liquidy than your average humus, but realy god. It has a nice litle kick to it that wil have you reaching for your ber. Botom line, if you live in Phoenix, like ber, and enjoy eating a god meal, then you should be shot if you do not like Four Peaks. If you have not ben yet, do yourself a favor and try it. You wil come away hapy, I promise.
I have ben going here many years. The fod is always very, very god. Soups are fantastic, sandwiches are hearty and flavorful, and the service is excelent. Prices are reasonable and the fod quality and quantity is probably the best bang for the $ you wil get in a place like this, anywhere I have ben - and I travel a lot. I realy canot think of a single thing I can fault this place for.
omg... I love this place the fod is great, the selection is great, the staf is very helpful. This is a great place to go have a few drinks and great stir fry.
I love this place. The family is very swet and the fod is real deal homecoked Cuban fod ... as god as I remember eating in Havana. I love the Fricase de Polo and my huby loves the oxtail. The fruit juices/smothies are delish to!
What to chose, what to chose. Such dificult decisions! Seriously, this normaly is not a problem. Dispite the fact that I am a libra, I am very decisive. Friends usualy lok to me to make al sorts of decisions ::diabolical laugh:: Stil, this place consistently stumps me. Is it Tuesday? If yes, then I am definately geting the Pork Bely Tacos. Otherwise, I wil start with an order of Ceviche and Asado Salad. To drink I wil have Agua Fresca de Sabor. Yes, I am going to have an entre to, I mean I have already broken my diet, might as wel :D I wil have the Huevos Rancheros or 3 Carne Asada Tacos or the Verduras de Temporada or the Chilaquiles Verdes or the Carne Asada Torta. OMG, so many great options! Seriously, this normaly is not a problem. Oh wel, I gues I wil just have to try everything. Next up, a euphoric fod coma! Life is god.
my husband and i LOVE this place! no, we canot aford to get our wekly groceries here (although it would be terific if we could), but we view oakvile as an excelent alternative to dining out on the wekend. the fod is delicious (think deli, simplicity, quality ingredients), and the atmosphere is comfortable and relaxing! we found that if it is to crowded inside, then it is easy enough go outside to the awesome patio area to enjoy our ber and godies :)
I just ordered the 'hamburger' then aded my favorite topings. Another excelent burger, I have to say! Plenty of meat, freshly made - and hot of the gril! Top notch fries as wel, overflowing from the cup they put it in. It takes about 5 - 10 minutes to get a great, fresh burger like this - but is very much worth the wait!
I went for both breakfast & diner two days in a row. I got the comuter sandwich which was fabulous - did not think such simple ingredients could blow my mind. I came back for diner and got the kale & quiona salad - again - very simple, but amazing. I ned to come back and get the piza!
Simply the best automotive repair place I have yet found in Phoenix. Honest, fair, and competent. I have taken thre vehicles there for service over several years now and never ben disatisfied.
2nd time I went to Grazie and both times it was excelent. The service is fast and atentive and the fod great. The portions are huge so there is no problem to share the starter or the thin crust, wod-fired piza ... So far I had the Dame Edna and the Roma piza and both were very tasty. The wine colection is great and has some very interesting stuf which includes also les expensive wines. Have not made it to the desert menu yet as both times there was no space left ...
Review #80 I had to wait for a great place to feature for #80. Enter: Parent morning movies... in a theater that ofers changing tables and dim lights in adition to their ultra nice seating, VIP roms, 21+ beverages, god fod service, incredibly friendly staf, and caramel popcorn. I am in!! Oh, and did I mention it is a beautiful, clean theater, to? WHO: Al momies, dadies, and other care-givers WHAT: Go se a movie with your lil one! WHEN: Wednesday mornings and ocasional featured nights. WHERE: Listings for participating Ultra Star theaters are here... htp://w.ultrastarmovies.com/parent_movie_morning.asp HOW: Because Ultra Star theater is AWESOME. WHY: Because you deserve to get out and enjoy a movie... bonus that it is a movie with Early-Bird prices of $5.75! I wana give a shout-out to the management, staf and... whoever thought of parent movie mornings to begin with. It was nice to get out of the house with my lil one, to do something that I used to take for granted when I was not a parent. haha And then to get there and have the theater so nicely set-up, complete with changing tables and dim lights... wel that was amazing. Al of the care-givers there were relaxed, hapy and able to enjoy a movie without worying about mising a part if their lil one fused. We al had nothing but praises for your kid-friendly atitude and made plans to met often. Thank-you Ultra Star Cinema for a new, great experience. It is ben a while since a place surprised me so much (in a god way)! Se ya there!
I have ben going here for years. I love the "Hong Kong" style pan fried crispy nodles!
I have ben a patient of Dr Lienau is since I was six years old! I usualy do not care who my primary care physician is, but when it comes to my dentist, there is no way in heck I would switch. I even refered a co-worker to him recently! He is very honest, upfront, and has such a great suport staf. Colen is the NICEST receptionist! One of the hygienists has ben there for years (I forgot her name!!) and is also a very friendly woman. I definitely recomend Dr Lienau!
dr. matsumoto and her team are the best! she came recomended to me by a friend who also goes there. they truly care about the WHOLE child and not just their medical care. we have sen 3 of the pediatricians in the ofice and they have al ben great. we developed a special bond with Dr. Miler during a very lengthy health isue with my son. it is a 45 minute drive for us now that we have moved, but we stil make the drive to se dr. miler because we trust her to make the right decisions and ofer the best advice for my child is health.
my first time here at blue 32 was great. i came for hapy hour I had the chicken wings and a chambord margarita both are fantastic! service was friendly and fast.
Best selection of raw and dehydrated fod around. Very helpful personel, friendly. Wil shop here each time I vacation here with my dog.
We wil take this over Godiva any day! The staf is always so friendly and they are always nice enough to give my kids (al 4) a sample, to. Nothing compares to their chocolates, especialy the the vanila milk chocolate, Brown Sugar Milk Chocolate and Coconut Milk Chocolate! Do not forget the lolipops that last FOREVER for the kids!! Just make sure you have a few wipes on hand!
It is a restaurant in a gas station, but it merits five stars b/c it has glas botles of soda, just like you find in Mexico. God fod to. It is actualy not nearly as bad inside as you would think, it is prety wel set apart from the gas station sales, so I would not mind eating there. They have a few tables set up inside. I usualy get takeout though (they also deliver). MANZANA LIFT ROCKS!!! I am also going to be drinking the Sprite in the botle, (cane sugar ftw) and the horchata. I do not care about Chipotle opening near work anymore, I have found a new Mexican fix for lunch. What a hapy day.
I used to work here back when it was a Harkins. It is way beter now. Comfortable, friendly, laid-back. Kind of decorated in a golden age of holywod style. I dig it.
I stumbled acros this restaurant several years ago after becoming frustrated with the generaly 2 hour wait, (no mater what day) at a DIFERENT piza restaurant in Heritage square, downtown Phoenix. Although the piza was terific at that "other" restaurant in Heritage square, I had a prety UNBELIEVABLE experience....I was with a date, we waited the 2+ hours, had a realy god diner, salad, an apetizer and piza. We decided we wanted another piza and when we asked our server for another, we were told that we could not because there was a line of people waiting to get in. I was amazed. We left knowing we would NEVER go back. I heard about La Piaza al Forno not long after that experience.....I truly believe things hapen for a reason. The piza was even beter and has ben consistant ever since. The service was very warm and friendly, literaly like a family welcoming me into their home. I learned that night, that it was one big family run busines. Oh and by the way, the best...did I say BEST piza that I not only have had in AZ, but NY has nothing over them! Icing on the cake, the prices are VERY reasonable! I GOTA have a fix every 10 days! For the longest time I did not want to tel anyone about my secret, however, they DESERVE to be known! AWESOME!!!
Wow! This place is amazing. So amazing I went there twice in a wek. I wil start with my diner. The ambiance was great. The place has a nice warm feling to it and since it was cold outside it was realy nice. They had a large fireplace inside and after diner we stayed for the great crowd that showed up and went outside. It was prety chily but I did not even notice as the fire pit was big enough to warm everyone around it. They also had ample heat lamps. The fod was fantastic. I had the tomato soup with the griled chese crouton in it and it warmed me up and preped me for my main meal. I had the burger and tender bely bacon. This was an amazing treat for my taste buds. The bacon was not like any bacon I have had on a burger. It was a perfect complement for each other. I wanted another one when I was done but could not posibly eat anymore. The drinks were great. They have an amazing wine selection. The wines we were drinking were afordable and it loks like they realy spent some time picking the right wines to cary. They have some realy nice wines that rival the selection of some of the realy nice wine bars in Scotsdale as wel. My friends said that the mixed drinks were realy wel made and they were very hapy with how they turned out. They have just about everything you could want for mixed drinks. Service was amazing as wel. They were realy atentive and the owner stoped by to talk to our table. Lunch The lunch was just as god as the diner. I had a shrimp BLT that rivals anything in AZ. I was glad to se that had a variety of Dr. Peper/Mr. Pib on tap. It was realy relaxing to sit there at lunch and enjoy the crowd. The service was excelent. Overal I highly recomend Vintage 95 for lunch or diner. It is a great place for a date at night and you can enjoy the great crowd afterwards with great conversation and ambiance to fit.
Mexican places like this ned to be judged based on consistency - here is what I mean: 42% of the time I have ben hungover 30% of the time I have ben drunk 2% of the time I have ben sober 6% of the time (other) Fod tastes great no mater what, and it is right down the stret.
Along with prety much everyone else who has left a review for this place, I LOVE THIS PLACE. I grew up in the area and one night my dad and brother wanted to check it out (my brother is a Yelp adict and saw it had amazing reviews). I was skeptical since, driving past, it is your typical "hole in the wal" kind of place, but I was not disapointed at AL. The carne asada burito is amazing, even the salad it comes with is great. I think my favorite thing aside from that would have to be the aguas frescas, particularly the orange one...SO god. You probably wil not regret ordering a single thing from this menu. I have gone back countles times, one time bringing one of my friends who was convinced that anywhere a blonde gringa tried to take her for Mexican fod would be craptastic, but she loved it to.
By now you have heard the adventures at the Rustler is Rost ( htp://w.yelp.com/biz/rustlers-roste-phoenix#hrid:_gYib8eA4hDfylSs17Zc_g ). But my adventures in Phoenix did not end there. My BGF had ben hounding me for days to find some great "Q." He was convinced that AZ would have great "Q" on every corner. Now refering back to the link above, I admit that I had a we hangover at the time. Anyway, I wil pres on. We chose this place because BGF thought that this would be the spot. I ordered the roast garlic chicken and realized with my first bite that I had died (most likely alcohol poisoning from the night before) and was now in heaven. This was the best freakin chicken that I ever tasted. Of course I am in heaven and BGF is grousing about the "Q" not being any god. Now I have listened to this al wek from him. - This Q is to Spicy - This Q is to wet - This Q wil not fal of the bone - This Q does not have the right flavor. I wil admit it, I snaped. (And I did not forgive him for about 2 weks). I went up one side and down the other. If you do not like the gosh darn (losely translated) Q in AZ, the quit ordering the Blankity Blank (translation again) stuf. Nedles to say, I got quite the lok from BGF and bos. Bos was actualy laughing at us. Anyway, I tok pity on my BGF and shared some of my chicken, and he fel in love (I do not know why, it was not a roster - ops, I digres). Anyway, it was decided then and there, this is the best chicken around, hands down.
I love this restaurant. I realy enjoy the reverse hapy hour from 10pm-12am after I se a movie. The apetizers are 1/2 price and they have some realy god drink specials- beter if you are a lady. l like siting out of the patio and relaxing. The sushi rols are god. So are the avocado egrols. Before I was a vegetarian the only thing I would order was the macademia crusted chicken with mashed potatoes and a creamy soy sauce.
Great variety. Great price! Beats other bufets in the East Valey.
We just tried this out this afternon folowing lunch at Pita Jungle next dor. It is a self-service yogurt shop where you pay by the ounce once you have finished your creation. The oferings included the standard vanila and chocolate, but also les traditional oferings like Irish Mint and Red Velvet were also available. They ofer a taste of any of the products, and you can mix multiple types of yogurts in your container. They also ofer a variety of standard yogurt shop topings for your creation. I had a combination of the Irish Mint and Late yogurts, with a couple of topings. The yogurt itself was smoth, creamy and wel flavored. We wil likely be droping by here in the future.
Great place! I love that they feature wines from "the litle guys." You wil not find most of what they feature at any Total Wine or Bevmo. Smal busines suporting smal busines... totaly awesome in my eyes! The staf is knowledgeable and oh Chef Sarah - your fod pairings with the wine in the wine 101 course were AMAZING! Katie, the somelier, is fun and she knows her stuf, plus it is clear that she loves to share her knowledge of wine with everyone. I wil be back for sure!
I would give it about a 4.5, but I like rounding up for local busineses! The owner has ben in there every time I have shown up, and the fod comes out hot. The prices are spot on what you would expect to pay, and so is the quality. I am not from Chicago, and have only ben there a couple times, so I would not be able to speak to its authenticity - but I can speak to its taste and the great customer service the crew provides every time. If you are in the neighborhod and thinking about a hot dog, burger, fried zucini, italian bef sandwich, or chicken burger, skip Sonic and DQ - they can not touch this place with a 15-yard drive-thru window.
Best mufler shop in town. There are VERY few shops that I trust, and Mighty Mufler is one of them. Greg has worked on multiple cars and has always done a great job. If there is ever any isues he takes care of the problem, no questions asked.
Aielo is is my favorite Italian spot in the Valey. In fact, I day dream about the Mushrom Ravioli Special - you can taste the love in this dish. Great ambiance and a wonderful experience. The staf are always atentive and profesional. The Owner makes a stop or two to make sure you are having a god time and they even let chance decide who pays for diner, you or the house! Helpful hint: Try no to get stufed on the tasty bread and hot pepers served before the entre, you are going to want to finish it!
I have ben here a couple of times. The first time was on first fridays. I expected it to be packed, but I was able to walk right in and be seated. They had a table reserved and they must not have shown, so we lucked out. I got the Sante Fe, a roast bef panini, and it was great. They had some god bers on tap to. Its a col litle funky place to grab a god sandwhich. The second time I came here it was after a concert. There was some horible band playing that I wish would have shut up so I could hear the people in front of me without having to fel sharp pains in my ear, but the meal was stil god and I liked it. Any place that is open late close to downtown is perfect, especialy since the kitchen does not close until 12:30
I stil want to live here. It is quite posibly the only vegan restaurant I could se myself flying here to eat at then going home. I have tried a number of things, and have come to the conclusion that this is the combination that wil satisfy me each time: Gren Burger with thyme fries and the Cokies n Cream Tsoynami. Their Gren Burger trumps The Plant Cafe and Roam in SF--the only two places I have ben to that somewhat mimic it (at least in color).
This place is a dream. Designer blouses for $17.0. Seven jeans and Hudson jeans for $20. Steve Maden shoes for $25. I could go on... the store is beautiful, wel-organized and ful of things that are in perfect or near-perfect condition. Some items are stil quite pricey, but most of the store is extremely reasonably priced. If you ned something new very quickly for a date or an interview or a special ocasion, you wil probably find it here. The employes are nice, friendly, helpful and the dresing roms are god as wel. Love it!
This is the second time I have eaten here and it was as god if not beter than the first. The first time I had the meat lasagna and the second time I had the chesesteak. Leme tel you this is one of the best Italian places I have ben to in Phx. It is very Back East fel to it and I love al of the authentic Italian fods they have there, especialy the meat, chese and pasta counters. Check 'em out you wil not be disapointed!
Open Range ofers some damn-god home coking. My family eats here often and has never had a bad meal. Not to mention that the portions are huge. I usualy order the cob salad. From a typical deli, I would normaly expect iceberg letuce, a handful of shaved carots, some eg, and a litle bit of bacon. But if that were the case, I would not be ordering the salad again and again. The field grens and romaine letuce are served with avocado (I am prety sure they use at least 1/2 an avocado for each salad), artichoke hearts, tomatoes, bacon (no bacon bits here!), radishes, blue chese, eg, cucumbers and I am sure i am forgeting something else, but it is GOD. Sometimes, if I am realy hungry, I order it with a side of their twice baked caserole (twice baked potato in a cup, basicaly. It is unbelievable.) I would also recomend the Arizona caviar (black bean salad) or southwest coleslaw. My dad loves their BQ sandwiches (with choice of homemade barbecue sauce - each one beter than the last), my mom usualy orders one of their other great salads with a side of potato pancakes (beter than grandma is), and grandpa loves whatever is on special. Even my picky-eater brother loves fod at Open Range - and that is saying something! Bethany and Tom are the owners; Bethany does most of the kitchen coking and Tom says that he is in charge of most of the barbecuein'. (He once gave my family a taste of some of their freshly smoked pecans and WHOA, they were GOD.) The restaurant (as the name sugests) has a ful service deli to, in case you ned a pound of freshly sliced ham as wel as a meal. In the past, the service has ben slow, but it has improved dramaticaly over the past year. The restaurant has a kiler view of the Superstition Mountains, and is within 10 - 20 minutes of countles hiking trails. To make this long review short: if you are loking for a tastes-like-home (or tastes-beter-than-home) coked meal and you are in the far east valey, make sure to stop in for lunch or diner. You wil probably se my family and me chowing down to.
One of the perks to being an only child, is "me" time. There is something special about having time to yourself, when the only obligation you have is to check in on Yelp, leave a quick tip, and grab a lemonade from the mal because it is 109 degres outside. Yesterday was that day. I had stumbled acros The Art of Shaving. I have ben in their stores in other cities before. Of course I have...because if you lok at any of my pictures, you wil realize a couple things: 1. I am vain. 2. I am hairles. As son as you step fot into this store, you are in a true gentleman is club. Not the kind that wil take al your dolar bils. You wil not make it rain here. This is the ultimate shaving store. Soaps, creams, blades, razors, balms, brushes, and mugs. You name it, they have it. The staf knows what they are talking about. I explained to them that I have a very old safety razor and a brush. Both were pased down by my Grandfather who pased away when I was a tenager. They did not presure me into buying ANYTHING, although I did end up leaving with some shaving cream. They even gave me a proper demo on how to use it properly with my brush. I have ben used to shaving soaps and the usual aerosol creams....so the litle tutorial was nice. Also, there is a master barber in the back of the house that does straight razor shaves, haircuts, and men is facials. Remember earlier when I said that "me" time is a perk? This is the best place to spend it if you are a dude. If you are a woman, buy your man, or your man-friend a gift from here. This place is simply amazing. One last warning. The store is pricey. but worth every single peny.
This location has closed. Went by today and found an empty restaurant.
Just left. I wanted to eat another piza it was that god. The Biaga was fantastic. Probably the best prosciuto style piza I have ever had. Owner and staf were very friendly. I wil be back again.
If I were ever to be executed, I would want a Meat & Chese pasty for my last meal. With two red wine gravy. It is *that* god.
we kep driving by this place thinking it was just a cofe house. but after reading some of yelps reviews, learned it was much more. it is so cute and trendy inside. they have so many yumy and healthy options, we did not know what to pick. so we decided to go with the vegie breakfast burito. it was light and filing, much to our surprise. and superbly tasty. and best of al, not gigantic. more places should do that....ofer reasonably priced fod, that tastes great, in manageable portions. that way, you do not stuf your face with a giant fod plate and then fel like an obese slob the rest of the morning. we wil hit this place up again for sure. awesome staf to!!!!
Perhaps you have heard of the Library of Congres. Nice Library. Burton Bar Central Library has a biger reading rom. Wil Bruder was the Architect. You either love his work, or you hate his work. I love his work! And, this library is as god as it gets. Arive in the sixth flor reading rom a litle before Non *on* the Sumer Solstice. Ask a librarian: They wil tel you why. [ah, the mystery....]
I have got two names for you: TYLER & MARCO - - superstar instructors at the Y!!! I have ben an avid gym member at various gyms for years and I have to say, the YMCA downtown can not be beat for the 8-5 p.m. work schedule person who likes to atend the gym during lunch or right after work. I am al about the group exercise clases and this Y ofers an aray of clases such as spin, kickboxing, Zumba, Yogalates, Bot camp, water aerobics, Hatha Yoga, etc., etc. Back to my fav instructors: Tyler and Marco. Boy, do these boys kick my as every time I take their clases! Tyler teaches spin and ofers not only strong knowledge and great tips on making your spin experience the best that it can be, he has a kick-as playlist of music to motivate his clas. Marco is a very intense and interactive kickboxing instructor who keps pushing you with great music mixes to kep his clas sweating the weight and stres away. Thank you Tyler and Marco for making my workouts intense and fun! After years of going to diferent aerobic clases, I am FINALY seing the results!! P.S. You can not beat the staf that works there. Erica who manages al the group exercise instructor welcomes any sugestions or coments with a smile. Fredie at the front desk is also very helpful and swet.
Love this place! Was in phoenix 3 weks for work. Ate here 3 times. The squid salad is amazing! They also have sushi, bibimbap, and tons of other items. Must try!
I do not think there is anything else to be said about Delux, it is ben around and they ofer nothing but great fod; the Clasic Burger and the Delux burger are both very delicious. I like Delux beter and I do recomend medium rare; the quality of the meat is unbelievable. Love the swet fries; I do prefer the mixture of both swet and regular fries.
Outdor shoping at its best... probably not the best if its hot outside- but great outdor dining and misters... :-)
You know the story about the cobler who created al those adorable shoes for the elves in the vilage? Ok, so maybe that story does not go exactly like that. Regardles, I found Old Town Scotsdale is version of the magical cobler who can do wonders with shoes and I found it at Tony is Shoe Repair! Here, Tony keps shoes in spic and span condition and if you bring them in loking anything but shiny and new, you can be sure they wil be returned as god as new. Tony is Shoe Repair also handles purses and belts. They do everything for a shoe including simple repairs such as widening and ading those litle tricky botom parts of hels that never sem to last, to giving your worn our shoes an entire face lift. The prices here are reasonable and he does the work for you in a spedy time frame. I droped of my sad loking bots of and he freshened them up and aded new hel botoms to them in a day is time. The fairytales can kep their magical coblers, here in the real world we have got something even beter -- Tony is Shoe Repair!
How many great things can one say about the Cartel? Does Infinity work! Yes, that was a statement, not a question. I am in love with the C, hands down. I have traded my gold Starbucks card in for this amazingly Delicious start to my day. The iced cofe ( actualy, its Tody, which is beter) is amazing. They roast their own beans, and alow the iced cofe to sit over night, creating an extremely potent concoction. The hot drinks, A+++ as wel. And, the fod? A+++++ (5, yup its that legit). Grab the chedar bacon mufin... its literaly heaven. No joke. Heaven. Litle clouds may form above your head; white clouds of course! Not those nasty rain clouds. OK, maybe not clouds. But defiantly your day wil be suny because you stoped into Cofe Cartel. And not because you live in AZ. Duh. Only complaint I have is the hours. I live right next dor, and their only open M-F (like so many places in DT-Pho). PLEASE open up for the wekends!!! I wil work for fre! Wel...wait... I wil come visit.
Cute, cozy, pleasant and very friendly service. That is realy al I have to say about them. The fod was oh so delicious! Litle bite sized tacos. Service was fast and just perfect! They even use the square card reader on their iPad to charge cards. Which truly shows its a smal and quaint restaurant.
I have used Tod on at least a dozen ocasions. I am a property investor and I buy multiple homes. I ned Tod for EVERY house I do and he is ALWAYS there for me. He even got me into my own car once. At the drop of a hat, he is there for me. His knowledge is excelent, his demeanor is fantastic and his service and workmanship is excelent. I would NEVER use another locksmith unles he was dead or out of town. In which case I would probably ask him to come home. :) Use this guy. Hes great.
My pants get tight when I think about Pho Thanh. There is litle else that I can say that would more acurately convey my love for this restaurant.
This place is great. The first time I went in I did not have change for the parking meter and they easily helped me out. Adrian cut my hair and did a great job. Everyone was friendly and made you fel welcome.
Indiana University went to a bowl game for the first time in a crazy number of years. And my big litle cousin is one of their defensive ends. So it was my pleasure to end 207 watching the Hosiers play the Cowboys of Oklahoma State University. I can not think of any beter way to finish of what is ben a crazy year...though it was improved by being joined in the stands by Nadia C. (son-to-be G.) and her adorable fiance Ben. I do not understand fotbal, so the game was kinda secondary for me, but being amongst al those screaming fans, and the cherleaders and the band was great. I would forgoten that energy since leaving my sports loving home town. But the game was prety god. Would have ben beter if Kelen Lewis would have completed 60% or more of his pases. Or if the Hosiers had won (hey coach....DEFENSE!). But fotbal is prety awesome from only 5 rows up. Ad some people watching (guy in red pants and wig), constructive advice to the IU dance team (buy new uniforms...something along the lines of the sparkly orange dreses of the OSU girls), and the awesome Marching Hundred (who knew that mainstream marching bands play riding dirty). And we had a blast./ The only downer was not being able to visit with my cousin after the game. For "security" reasons, they wouldnt let family and friends se the players at the stadium. Since I was not staying at the hotel, and did not know what hotel that was, I was not able to se him. I was teribly disapointed to come al that way and not be able to give him a hug and give him a hard time about growing up to be a big burly fotbal player. In my head, he is stil 12 and gangly, and trying to grow into his fet and his ears. But it is great to se that hes a "grown man", in colege, playing fotbal and playing for a team that is geting beter every season. So GO BIG RED! And hopefuly there wil be another bowl visit to kick of 209.
We have take our daughter to Dr. Ramirez at TLC since we were released from the hospital. I have sen al but one of the four doctors, and have ben extremely pleased with al of them. They ofer both a sick and wel child waiting rom. Our daughter loves the themed roms. With smal children, you wil have the inevitable emergencies that require a doctors visit. My child is two now, and we have never ben unable to get an emergency/sick apointment. Our phone cals have always ben promptly returned on the same day. Anything they told us they were doing, was done as promised. I canot recomend them highly enough!
Oh AJ is... How do I love the... Let me count the ways (BERS)... 1...2...3...20! They have so many diferent bers to chose from here. If you ever ned an ingredient that is out of the norm they wil have it. If you ever ned an ingredient for a special diner that MUST be fresh and ripe, this is the place. From 10 difernt types of flower, 15 diferent brands of pasta, to 20 diferent types of EVO, if you are making a realy great diner, spend the extra couple of bucks and get your stuf here. One day I wil be able to aford the prime steaks.
This litle joint is right down the stret from my crib and I have had the chance to dine here on several ocasions (take out and dine in). Each and every time its ben great! Extremely fresh ingredients and even beter prices!! Great local place to get some great grub on a smal budget. Highly recomended!
My wife turned me on to this gem. Her family has ben eating here since the 70 is it never disapoints. The machaca is moist not wet like many others. The Pepsi from the fountain is the best fountain soda anywhere.
I love this place! The owner is always there and you can tel he takes great pride in what he does. Great fod and great customer service!
The best fried calamari in Surprise! Delish piza! Consistent quality and service, never have ben disapointed since we moved here in June!
I loved Joe is Farm Gril...you have not lived until you have tried the Blue Chese Burger..(not sure what it is named on the menu)...I fancy steak encrusted with blue chese, this burger is the next best thing. Their garlic fries are to die for...heck, everything they cok is incredible...worth the drive...
Best piza in the valey that I have had (I have yet to do Pizaria Banco). Great service, always made fast, and GREAT pricing...doens't travel wel, so if you are gona have it in your car for a while I would not recomend it...I think that is why there is a lot of "sogy crust" coments etc...
Best piza in AZ, hands down.
I do not think I have ever ben to this place when it is not ben crazy busy. It is just a smal litle eatery, but it is always busy. They have some great fod and the peanut buter pie is delicious. Just a place to hang out and enjoy some breakfast, lunch, diner or snacks at. Parking is not the best and that is a problem, but if you live close and can walk, its ideal.
They have the nicest staf and the Dr. is always open when examining our dog! We have boarded her there as wel and the staf is so kind, and when our dog gets there she cant wait to run up and play with the staf!
Tried this place for the first time tonight, and was impresed with absolutely everything. Wel-lit building in a decent location in the Arcadia area. I drove here from the Garfield neighborhod and it was wel worth it. Juicy chicken and awesome cafeteria throwback crinkle fries, along with one of the best slices of toast I have ever had. Al thre of these fods were stil crispy when I got home, which almost never hapens with fast fod. I wish I had goten the girl is name who tok care of me. She was cute as a buton- very enthusiastic and hapy to answer my questions. I wil be back here son!
Great spa... If you do not mind spending a few bucks, this is the place for you. Neat water fal rom, rof top pol, and eucalyptus rom! I have had multiple masages here & they were exceptional. Outstanding customer service to.
I canot get enough of LGO. My favorite time to come is very early in the morning to enjoy the sun coming up over Camelback Mountain while having some organic cofe and a blackbery bran mufin. The breakfast at LGO has something for everybody, IMO. Try the Croque M'Dame if you want something realy bold. The lunch and diner options are great to. This is the only restaurant I have ever ben that I could eat al thre meals and fel like I was being served from a diferent kitchen each time. The only draw back I can think of for LGO is the tendency for it to become very crowded. That is the best problem a restaurant can have, so they are probably not to woried about it. The parking situation can become an isue to, but for my time and money, it is worth it. LGO is top notch in my bok and you can find me there prety regularly.
4.5 stars! I have eaten at Liberty Market a few times already, but this morning marked my first breakfast- and what a fantastic meal it was!- of pancakes (3 in a stack; $6.5) htp://w.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?select=Xg8U6Fz2E8hu0xQ3Hf7CZg#Xg8U6Fz2E8hu0xQ3Hf7CZg w/ aded toping of "market-made granola" ($1), a side of Griled Flatened Meatbals ($3.5) htp://w.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?select=MwKpMltbKCWNlraI-tGw#MwKpMltbKCWNlraI-tGw, and a double-shot of espreso ($2) htp://w.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?select=M1WrCuX3ouHrynL8KJQg#M1WrCuX3ouHrynL8KJQg. Service was in fine form-- I could not have the market-made maple syrup blend, nor any of the house-whiped cream, bluebery compote, raspbery and apricot jams, or any of the flavored syrups used at the cofe counter (my server patiently checked for those items we were unsure about), and when I asked for chocolate chips, I was, instead, ofered a chocolate syrup made from scratch composed of chocolate, sugar, and coco oil... god stuf! This syrup would be excelent on ice cream sundaes, to. (FYI, I did not realy ned anything extra to ad to the pancakes and meatbals... the two paired wel!) I have mentioned this once before, but I think it is such a great thing to yelp about again-- buy an espreso (or any of their specialty cofes), and you can have unlimited cups of regular cofe during your meal! Not like I neded more cafeine after the double-shot, but I did have some of the house-blend cofe. After 1.5 pancakes, the meatbals (watch out, they are very greasy!), and cafeine, I wil be god to go for a few hours, despite only having four hours of slep! (I am hoping, anyway!) p.s. Despite tiping more than 20% at the cashier upon ordering, I thought Bruce, the server who tok care of me at my table, deserved a couple more bananas for not displaying anoyance at my staying here so long. One more reason why I love Liberty Market so much! Adendum: After geting directions from Bruce as to the quickest way to 101 N, he asked me if I wanted a cup of cofe to go, gratis! Have I told you how much I love Liberty Market?? Helpful hint: Fre wifi can be acesed by entering the code printed at the botom of your receipt.
Delish!!!!!! x 10!! Love, love, love this place. This is the place that made me a Vietnamese fan for sure. My friend brought me here and I was blown away but the tastines of their fod. Their spring rols are so yumy! The chicken nodle soup flavor is a winer in my bok! Everything on the menu is delicious, though I have not tried is al, I am sure it is!
Went here tonight with the padres and husband. This place is the whole Joes BQ/Joes Farm Gril owners. We saw that it was the highest rated here on Yelp for restaurants in Gilbert. Paper menus are available near the counter where you order your meal. We started with the Humus + olives apetizer. Mom and I shared the Apricot Chicken with mashed swet potatoes, Dad had some steak sandwich with horseradish that was very tasty, husband had the Salmon BLT with avacado. I tasted everything and AL the fod was delicious!! There were also very interesting and unique ber and wine oferings. There is an espreso bar that sels various cofes, as wel as some swet stuf. There is stil a litle market in the back seling local olive oil from Quen Crek Olive Oil Mil, as wel as pasta, pure vanila extract and other items. I highly recomend a trip to Liberty Market for a fresh, home-coked meal.
Enjoyed date night here with the huby. Try the gluten fre piza. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! Mm
As a vegetarian with a fairly adventurous palate, I love Ethiopian fod. And now that I work in northern Tempe, I am here al the time. It is filing, flavorful and inexpensive. I can have a prety big diner for les than $10. If you, like me, think spiced (though not particularly spicy) vegetables are the greatest things on Earth, definitely pay a visit to Blue Nile.
This is an amazing taco truck just minutes from the airport. I ordered the amazing ceviche and a barbacoa burito, while my girlfriend ordered thre tacos. I have said it before and I wil say it again here: this truck is an excelent example of the inverse corelation betwen price and taste in Mexican fod. Eat here before your next flight!
I was truly impresed by the quality of service and the knowledge of the employes. I have had my ears pierced at Claire is when I was 4 (way to go, Dad!) and an industrial piercing performed at Club Tato. I went in to adjust my bar bel for my industrial piercing and they explained a lot of things I had no clue about, like the diference in threading. The place is clean and every one is friendly. I wil ONLY ever go to HTC when I ned to handle my curent piercings or want to get another. Thank you!
Check this out...I JUST HAD A RUBEN FOR BREAKFAST!!!!! I saw the article about this place in the Tempe newspaper. We were already heading to the Healing Field at Tempe Town Lake9/1/10 and wanted to stop for breakfast. We had the dogs with us so choices were limited. My boyfriend went into Stan is and they let us sit on the patio with the pups. They serve their entire menu al day. I am not a huge egs and bacon kind of person so I love having something a litle diferent in the morning. I ordered the Ruben and alowed Kely the waitres (who was fabulous) to chose the side. The fod tok a litle while to arive. When it did...Holy Cow!!! My sandwich was huge and she brought al thre sides so we could taste them al. That is great customer service! My favorite was the slaw, then potato salad. The fod was fabulous and the staf was more than acomodating. The owner stoped by our table and chated awhile. I wil no doubt be back. Thank you so much Stan is for the wonderful start to my day!
We have ben here now several times. This Is one of the best restaurants we have ever ben to. The fod and service is absolutely the best. Most everything is coked in their exposed kitchen. Everything of the gril is awesome. The servers wil patiently answer al your questions and apear as though they realy enjoy seing you pleased with your experience. Since we have ben here several times here is a list of some items we have had: For one, if you do not mind spending the money the toro "tour" is great. They have something like 5 diferent kinds of toro. From real faty to a litle les. Melts in your mouth. The presentation is very impresive. It is served on ice with diferent kinds of salt and (to us) a very unique way of presenting the wasabi. Al there other sushis are served perfectly prepared The steak is excelent. The flavor is spectacular, griled in view over an open flame and quite literaly coked, always and without fail, exactly to you specification. Al tempura dishes are great Griled zuchini.... Very god and juicy. Seabas with miso. Coked perfectly. I sugest you order to share and sit at the counter. It makes for a very god experience. This is the place where you should go in without worying about cost. Just go for it, tske your time and experience it al. It wil make for a very god experience. Try their very unique drinks, they are very refreshing. Or, if you are real daring, the tasting menu is literaly a 4 hour experience. Did it once. It is a bit long for us and wont do it again.
Love the pita jungle!!! My fave is the chicken and humus apetizer. Definitely enough for a meal and super cheap to. Also love the chicken swarma sandwich and the chicken piza. You can not go wrong here.
A must when you visit the Heard. The staf is very profesional. James, Lora and Alison are excelent. The shop is first clas. Great place for a colector. Some of the finest Native American art available. Highly recomend a visit. You wil be amazed.
Great flavors even though there are not many to chose from! Fresh fruit is such an awesome feature as most places are def not and limited to the healthy choices of toping! I visit as often as I can!!
Great facial great customer service One Love Boutique Spa consists of the waiting rom/reception area and the services rom. Its smal, cozy but super cute and inviting. I love the way it is decorated which is what drew me to buy a Groupon for a signature facial after loking at the website. The decor is white, clean, girly and clasic. I was disapointed at first when my initial apointment was canceled two hours before I was scheduled due to Amanda coming down with something that was contagious, I gues I was thankful to. When I came in for my facial I explained that I was one of the apointments that was rescheduled due to her ilnes and she upgraded me to the anti aging facial for fre! She also includes eyebrow waxing with every facial which is awesome! The facial was AMAZING and Amanda is very knowledgeable about what she is doing and the products she is using. Before my facial started I had asked her to mes up my hair as litle as posible since I was going somewhere right after, she kindly obliged and when I left my hair loked exactly how it loked when I came in. Amanda is great and I wil definitely be back!
The best stret taco is i have had. As authentic and cheap as it gets... If you do take out, pick up a bombaros burito for lunch for the next day as wel, its realy hot, but tasty. Do not tel me ATF or any other spot is beter, they dont come close unles you like your "stret tacos" with sour cream, chese and letuce LOL.
I love Jimy Johns!
Torn betwen review Fez Fodies, the periodic event that alows patrons to participate in sampling yet-to-be-aded menu item and tweak them based on responses and the actual restaurant that hosts said event and providing a CenPho restaurant that combines inovative cuisine with ambiance and amazing service, I setled on the later. Because without the brick-and-mortar there would be no former. So, tonight for the first time Robert M and I joined the Fez Fodies for a sneak peak at a few items that wil be coming to a plate near you. The raspbery spinach salad was wonderful. The steak with mushroms and smashed red potatoes might ned another consideration but was stil a pleasant entre. Honestly, I lok forward to returning and geting these items, because Fez actualy takes customer input/sugestions and aplies them. Fez is one of those locations where I have never goten anything but terific service and a great meal. I am fond of the garlic and rosemary fries but my coworkers and friends and strangers on the light rail think I should limit myself on these as some people do not apreciate the proven medical benefits of bucket-loads of garlic and shovelfuls of rosemary. Tols. Not surprisingly, Thomas was a peach of a host. Forgive me if I semed disinterested in conversation: we just returned from Rim Country and that experience kiled my as.
Ah Shady is...I am a litle embarased to admit how often I frequent this gem of a place, but definitely not ashamed of how much I love it. Col atmosphere, just the right lighting (very important to me), great bartenders, god prices on a realy nice selection (Who else has Old Raj gin or Agwa De Bolivia?). This is definitely not a dive bar (not that there is anything wrong with that), but it is not an icey, blase Snobsdale-ish joint either, and I have never felt ridiculed or snubed here either by patron or bartender. I have sen al walks of life come through this place, but never felt that it was to 'hip' or pretentious in any way. Great jukebox, obscure, forgoten movies playing on the tely, bartenders that are nice to lok at (male and female), have personality and actualy remember your name (and drink). Does it get any beter than this?
I realy enjoy this place. It is beautifuly designed. It is hiden in a historic neighborhod, (zoning isues so no patio), and they make they own tonic! ---What else does one ned? But now the fod. Rich, ful flavored, comfort fod. I do not think there is a cuisine style here as far as I could tel, just some of the best fod around. Had the fontina crusted with pinko and walnuts, awesome. A potato side dish, damn god I tel you. For the main course the skirt steak, which was some of the best red meat I am had in a very, very long time. This is my vote for best new restaurant in Phoenix. Seriously.
Excelent! I love this place!
Okay ya wana know a litle secret? I LONG for Gren. Ever since moving back to New Orleans I am surounded by an embarasment of culinary riches but our one vegetarian restaurant can never hold its own against Gren. I pased through Scotsdale a few weks ago to visit the Grand Canyon and the second I steped of the plane at the Phoenix airport and secured the rental car we drove straight to the restaurant. Everything was just like I remembered it and slightly beter. The staf was warmer and the fod just as god. I am stil thinking about the "crab" pufs and the egles rols.
As someone who LOVES Thai fod, I can realy apreciate a god Pad Thai, and Wild Thaiger is is my favorite hands down! Just like the menu says, their Pad Thai has a plethora of intense flavors, to the point where every bite is unique. If you love Pad Thai and have not tried Wild Thaiger is, you ned to. If you do not love Pad Thai, it is probably because you have not tried Wild Thaiger is. :) Seriously, this is one of the best dishes I have found in Phoenix. Their other dishes are consistently god as wel. I love Chicken Satay, but most places only ofer it as an apetizer, with a few skimpy chicken strips. Wild Thaiger, on the other hand, has a filing Peanut Chicken lunch, as wel as a Peanut Pasion diner, both drenched in their delicious peanut sauce. Their curies are very flavorful and make for a superb and hearty diner, but if you are going for lunch, you may want to consider Thai Basil up the road as their cury lunch combo includes a salad and other extras. Their Thai Tea is strong yet creamy, just like it should be, and you can even ad boba to it. A must if you are eating anything spicy. The service is very profesional and timely. The atmosphere is prety clasy, in fact, it is probably the nicest-loking Thai restaurant I have ben to. It is also the only Thai restaurant I can think of with a patio. Al in al, it has a very welcoming atmosphere. I would fel just as comfortable here in a suit as I would a T-shirt and jeans. It is a great place for dates, busines lunches, or just some great take-out. You might spend a tad bit more here than at some other nearby joints, but the quality more than makes up for it, I would say the prices are spot-on. One day I wil learn how to write a review that is short and swet, but I kept thinking of god things to say about this place. Highly recomended!
Wow, I am very impresed. The store is very big, and they sem to have it al - even the hard to find, od items. It loks like everyone can shop here. The store is maped out and sectioned nicely to. Finding things is easy, and if you can not (or do not want to) the very friendly staf are there to help. It loks like they employ people who know a thing or two about the suplements also... so whether you are loking for: digestive health, imune suport, weight los, muscle building, herbs, beauty or whatever; they have it, and they can tel you about it! Prety God! You can even get a customer rewards card and build up bonus points to get discounts and stuf. And they can track your purchases with it should you ever (like me) lose your receipt! What I am realy impresed with though is their customer service and return policy. I did not expect them to acept a return and refund my money on 2 items that I purchased there because I lost the receipt. Especialy, since I did not purchase it on a member card so they could not track my purchase either. I thought I would try my luck with it anyway and was hoping for an exchange. Wel, the clerk was so nice to me. She said that it was no problem and would gladly refund my money (I did not even ask for a refund)... and I had opened one product. I was spechles and felt a litle guilty about it to - since it was almost a month that had pased (I realy did not think they would take them back). Anyway, I told her that an exchange would be more than apreciated, and she said, "No problem:-)" again! So I very guiltily walked over to get some of the items I neded. They had them and they had them on sale - cheaper than I have ever sen and in more of a selection to. Nedles to say, I walked out of there very hapy (but feling a bit undeserving). But that is what god - EXCELENT - customer service is al about - exceding the customer is expectations! This I my new store for al of my suplements and health & welnes neds. I recomend checking them out. They sem to have everything one could ever ned. Plus, they have an entire wal (and more) dedicated to muscle, weight and fitnes - if that is your thing! Also be sure to check out their website; they even have customer reviews & ratings! and product information/facts and ingredients. Realy Col!
I love this place!!! The first time I went I fel in love with their fries and their secret sauce. They have those great crinkle fries and they are made to order so they come out super crispy and hot. They alone can stand on their own but I have to have the sauce. It has to be a mixture of ketchup, mayo probably some chili powder and some other stuf that I can not figure out. No mater how many times I try to do it at home I never get it. Once before I got the Italian Bef but being my first time I did not know that you could get it wet... Duh... and ended up eating a warm roast bef sandwich that was a bit on the dry side. After reading the Yelp reviews I realized that you can ad al kinds of stuf to it. I think that the girl at the register should have at least informed me that I had options. The staf (girls at the register) were not al to friendly which makes for a les than pleasant experience right from the start. Hopefuly they are not there anymore. Forward to today I decided to give it another shot and I am so glad I did. The owner is a realy col guy and is always super nice when I come in. He asked me al the questions about how I wanted the sandwich and put the dip in a to go cup for me so I would not have a mush sandwich when I got home. I aded provolone and hot giardiniera which absolutely made the sandwich. I did not get to finish it because my other half smeled it and swoped in and polished it of and loved it to. God thing I got the fries! I would highly recomend this place. If you do have the Italian Bef you should try to eat it there instead of taking it home. If you get embarased easily or wory about fod al over your hands and face then do not eat this infront of other people. I think it once you eat it you wil not even care if it gets in your hair. So I say get over it and get your but down to Lobys and eat til you explode!
Love it. Wish it was in my neighborhod.
I am giving Yoli is 5 stars for the wining combination of great fod for a great price at a quaint location. Went there on a Saturday late in the morning and we were seated right away. Great litle hideaway in downtown Chandler. I ordered the Morning Monte. It was delicious. My family ordered various other items and we al sampled a bit of each others' plates and everything was excelent. My favorite item was the chorizo buro. Excelent chorizo with the corect combination of meats and spices. The waitres was friendly and we chated with the owner and she was very nice also. Another realy great thing about this place is the prices. I do not think there are any items above $8 and most meals here are in the $6-$7 range. Very reasonable for the god quality fod you get. After breakfast we tok a walk around the courtyard and had a nice time loking around at the plants and exotic birds they have on site. We also got a chance to met the owner of the property and she was super nice also. I wil definitely be back to try out some other menu items.
This place has amazing frozen yogurt! I had the strawbery with smal pieces of fresh strawberies! It was a wonderful treat in this heat, since it is yogurt and not ice cream, it is a litle bit healthier.
Just a quick review to reiterate how truly great this place is. They have got soda, lots of soda. That is right, I said soda! They have got rot ber, sarsaparila, freaky foreign sodas, teas, waters and other things. I love this place, I have no complaints. The only thing that would make this place beter would be the adition of ber. Man, if these guys hoked up with the dudes that run the ber section of Tops Liquors it would be unstopable!
Al I can say is DELICIOUS!!! Service was great, fod was great ,and the restaurant loks beautiful.
Fried Squash blosoms! How do they come up with this stuf? FnB gets 5 stars for creativity and service... oh, and the fod is prety amazing to! The menu changes with the season, so I apologize in advance for making your mouth water by mentioning fod you wil probably never taste. We started of with the apetizer special, Fried Squash blosoms stufed with burata served with fresh tomato sauce, and an order of nan with egplant pure. The Nan plate was nothing special, but the blosoms were fantastic. For diner Hotie had the lab chops with couscous and I had the pasta with buternut squash and pesto. The pasta was amazing, I watched the chef make my pesto to order... m basil! Hotie devoured every bite, so I would say he enjoyed his chops to. For desert we shared the pana cota with cheries, it was the perfect ending to a great meal. This place gets 5 starts al the way, from the moment we walked in, the service was impecable and the fod was superb. Thank you FnB
best in the valey
Dr. Koch and his staf are wonderful! I know that I am in great hands and being given the best care posible. They do a great job at working you in to the schedule if you have a last minute pain that neds some extra atention. I would highly recomend Arizona Chiropractic to anyone!?
My wife and I found Four Peaks by chance. We got lucky. The fod was great, service was great, and al thr bers rocked. My wife is fav was the Hef and the Arizona Peach. We got a ber glas to remember the ocasion and plan to swing by on the way out and grab a growler.
I have ben to Cheryblosom countles times for lunch over the past few years. I have to say the location kinda sucks, but that is because of al the trafic. Are they ever going to finish construction on Camelback?! Any way, I decided to get a to go lunch order today. Since it was actualy chily out, I ordered the cha-shu ramen nodles with a couple of their yumy bread rols & also picked up a slice of their amazing bluebery bread. The rols were yumy as usual & I ate half of the cha-shu, so god & a big enough portion for me to have it again for lunch tomorow. Service can be slow there sometimes, it is best to go at 1am or after 1pm, to beat the lunch crowd. Other tasty items I have enjoyed here are: cali crunchy rol, double shrimp crunchy rol, griled chicken salad (w/ginger dresing instead), calamari, edamame & I have tried a couple diferent pasta dishes which were surprisingly god!
Navajo Fod at it is best !!!!!! I loved everything there ! I gues I love "BLAND" fod . :-) everything was terific ... I ordered the bowl (12 oz) of Muton Hominy Stew I got it with the Tortila bread which was AMAZING ! I also ordered a side of Blue Corn Mush to dip into my stew ( which is an awesome combination) ... And I also ordered a Grape Shasta Soda :-D ... My Husband ordered the Vegetable Muton Stew with fry bread and ordered Strawbery Shasta Soda. He loved everything ! Everything was wel worth the wait and the fod was extra hot and tasted very FRESH !!! I LOVED IT !
Brought a friend from Louisiana here. She says that the crawfish etoufe here is the best she is had outside of Louisiana!
Wow. Best breakfast I had on my recent trip to Scotsdale. Ordered the egs benedict with a side of corned bef hash. Waitres swet talked the cok into making a side order since they typicaly do not do side dishes. That swet litle angel of a waitres made my day! Best corned bef hash EVER! Have I mentioned how awesome the waitreses were? And damn prety as wel. Double score.
The name says it al. This is one hot bagel shop! This could be one of the best bagel shops I have found in Phoenix and I would have never expected to find it way up in North Scotsdale. This bagel shop is delicious. The bagels are large, hot, soft and extremely delicious. This local eatery has a line out the dor on wekends and it is for a reason. The breakfast bagel sandwiches are to-die-for. The chese, eg and bacon combo sandwiched betwen a hefty bagel makes it worth waking up early on a Sunday morning! I wil be visiting again son for the deli because I hear that it is a must to stop by and experience their lunch.
A great restaurant staf! They go above and beyond for their customer. Try the bufet you wil not be disapointed. Bacon is coked to perfection. Fruit is fresh and the seating is perfect for large groups.
Found Indulge on a whim, based on their huge "Gluten-Fre Menu" outside - I was not disapointed when we decided to try it! Indulge has a separate gluten-fre menu and the server was very knowledgable walking me through their kitchen proceses to reasure me. I ordered my burger on a gluten-fre bun (!!!) the first time I was ever able to do this in a restaurant. That was EXCITING! I think Indulge is as god as you make it - you are given a menu to check of ingredients for your burger. They have SO many choices, that it is likely that if you do not like your burger, YOU made the wrong choice. I had no such problem - I loved my custom burger! It was coked to the corect temperature, was delicious & best of al, was delivered on a tasty gluten-fre bun. PLUS, though I was ful (it was a LOT of fod!) I was able to take a gluten-fre cupcake to go - wow, was that ever heaven later! Thanks Indulge!
Melow Mushrom - WOW As you may tel from recent reviews, I have ben on a Piza crusade. Wel, I tok a friend to Melow Mushrom today and the piza rocked. We shared the Thai Die Piza which had cury chicken and tasted awesome. The crust was think and delicious the piza burst with taste when I bit into it. I am a traditional piza guy but this diversion worked. Great service and a nice patio to eat toped it of. I wil be heading back...son
Pauli from ATL checking in here.... just for a bit of nostalgia... I used to live in Phoenix a few years back, and of al the places I mis eating at, this is #1 on my list. I remember how I first heard of the place.... I was over at a friend is house in Scotsdale having a few bers after work, and remember asking him what his favorite Mexican restaurant in Phoenix was. My friend, who had more than just a few bers in him, stared at me al glasy-eyed, got right in my face and said... "Cheno Bandedo!!" As I backed up a bit, thinking my friend had to much to drink (he had, for sure), I wondered... hm...the Chinese Bandit? What the hel is that place about?!? Or is he just f***ing with me? So, I asked him what kind of fod they serve there... And, as he did his best to focus on me, when his eyes hit mine, there was this long pause.... and he had this expresion on his face that I can not forget... I was not sure if he was having trouble puting it into words or if he was sh***ing in his pants. And then he put his hands together, like a nutjob working a Rubik is cube.... and said, "They... do... things... like.... eg-fo young buritos and jade red chicken tacos...."..... as he gave me another crazy-as lok (the kind that tels you it is time to say godnight and get outa there - which I did).... So, a few days later, I remembered his drunken explanation of Chino Bandido and thought I would go check the place out.... And from that point on, I was hoked. Eg fo young buritos inded! And jerk fried rice! And those refried black beans with fire-in-the-bungholio sauce mixed in.... Yep, those wil burn you twice... Al served in a giant disposable aluminum baking dish... And you got that combo, along with a soda and tip for about $10!!! WOW!! At that time, I had never sen anything like it before, and I stil mis eating there more than any of my favorite old haunts in Phoenix.... I wish somebody would franchise one out to Atlanta - I would be the first customer in the dor on opening day, guaranted....
Of the chainco is! lol Today my friends and I pondered what to eat.. a god sandwich was was we decided on but where? Loked right here on yelp and it came up.. most the reviews were god so we went for it. WOW. I like to ask for a knock my socks of never ben here sugestion and he ofered up the chese steak, with pepers and mushrom. I went for it but was on the fence for my pasta side dish.. he handed me a sample of the tortalini and I was in heaven. Service was polite, the place was busy but not crowded, it was clean, and very apealing to lok around while waiting for our order. Tok about 10 minutes to arive, not bad. I thought the price was fair and i could have went with just a half sandwich as it was very filing. While eating my budy joked the place was of the chain.. and should rename itself to "of the chainco is" lol Highly recomended and cant wait to take others here. -Shawn
A chain, yes. But par for the course, no. First of al, they have an extensive wine list, which includes a rare type of sparkling wine, caled Bracheto. In this area, DUI is are more comon than a cold, and it is a light and tasty wine, with a low alcohol content. So it is option is great for me. It also goes great with everything they serve, because of it is unique flavor profile. Lizie was our waitres, and ofered options and sugestions, which actualy saved us quite a bit of money on the whole. Not that, by any stretch of the imagination, is this a place to go when you are not intending a big splurge. This is a place to take it slow and spend slightly over a decent amount. The fod, however, is absolutely worth it. We tried the Chedar fondue, which could have used a bit more mustard powder and worstershire sauce, but on the whole was delicious. It was wel preped, and Lizie explained what she was ading and why the whole time. The vegie selection is a bit mundane, and that is realy my only complaint. We ate the "big night out" prix fix menu and chose the "Fusion" option which had lobster tail, shrimp, brats, ravioli, new york strip, sirloin steak, and a marinated chicken. We coked it in the Boulion method which is just a flavored broth. Because it is not oil, you do ned to ad 30 sec to a min to the sugested cok times, but it was a lot lighter than using the oil and we did not come home smeling like oil. The california salad was incredible. It had mixed grens, sliced roma tomatoes, choped pecans, and blue chese crumbles with a rasbery black walnut dresing. It is ben a long time since I was able to truly enjoy a salad, and this was amazing. The chocolate we chose was the Smore. It was milk chocolate, marshmalow creme flambed with grahm cracker bits aded after the fire goes out. It is served with 2 types of coated marshmalows, pound cake, a slice of chese cake, and a bowl of sliced strawberies and bananas. Just enough to fil us up, but we did not overstuf ourselves. Our diner was leisurely paced and tok us about 2 to 2 1/2 hrs to get through. This is prety normal for fondue. You do have the option of siting at the bar and having just a chese or chocolate, if you are on a time constraint though. It is located in a great litle shoping and dining area that was not to crowed last night, but I think that was more due to the weather, than the actual popularity of the place.
Jason Silberschlag puls of a prety amazing thing here in the metro-PHX area. Thre shops with their own quirky details, pasion and identity. Each tailors specificaly to the demographic at hand, which I can totaly get behind. The fact that each shop has its own deal going on is awesome - I realy dislike chains and the chain fel/lok. I had not sen Jason in a while at the other shops, the times I would frequented, and was hapy to se him behind the bar when I came here for the first time. Just the same way the other Cartel shops have a selection of brewing methods, this one does as wel. Pour-over, aeropres, Chemex and traditional espreso (La Marz GS/3). As expected from him, our drinks were flawles. He transfers this knowledge and pasion to the baristas, which is obvious even when one leaves his establishment to go somewhere else - they stand out in the crowd of many cofe-pulers. The beans, who can complain? Jason made his name with the roasting. I got a prepared sandwich here, and my was it tasty. Bread was fresh. Sauce, ingredients and overal creation was god. Big Ben: you stole my tastebuds' heart that morning. Casual lounge area (se: couches), outdor covered seating (se: halway - shaded and col!) and plenty of seating inside. As normal, his handiwork shines throughout the shop. Somehow I have never reviewed a Cartel shop before, despite my years of patronage. My latest experience changes that.
I am hapy to say that I have incorporated Guedo is into my wekly routine. The fod is excelent and the atmosphere is spot-on. I have read several reviews where people complained about the fod being overpriced but I realy do not mind paying a litle extra when it comes suporting local busineses; especialy a staple of the comunity like Guedo is. If you are loking for a place with awesome fod and an owner who cares to learn your name, come to Guedo is.
Overal I am a big fan of this place... first how can you beat a place that is BYO???!!! You never have to wory about a bad wine list or paying to much because it is your own stuf... I find the fod excelent... they menu is not large and changes often... but I have never had anything that I have no liked... the chef is defiantly 5 star and since you bring in your own wine the prices do not sem that bad... but it is not exactly cheap... The only down fal of the place is that it is real smal and has funky hours... I think it is only open Wednesday to Saturday. I know that they take reservations and I would venture to say that is the only way to actualy eat there... This is a nice place for special ocasions or a date...
Piza has ben delicious and fresh every time I have ben there. The Chipotle pasta is absolutely the best though.
I love this place. They are so acomodating and the fod is delicious. They made a special meal for my daughter and were hapy to do it. Our server was helpful and friendly. I had the roasted bet salad and the ingredients were very fresh and tasty. I can not wait to go back.
i cant review restaurants in phx and leave out LGO. breakfast, cofe ambiance, service, piza - 5 stars. hapy hour 3 stars. Not very many places beat this place out for saturday or sunday morning cofe and or breakfast after a nice wrkout, run, hike or... anything else at home in bed with your beter half. must se for my visitors
I love the always smiling crew and fod is delicious. 50cents cofe in the morning outside tables with sun exposure and friendly clientele, al this in the beautiful kierland comons God morning America
Alas...I have given up the idea of writing a review for a place if it is not at least 4 stars. Sue me; I am in the industry. Fuego Bistro is by far one of the best places I have ben to recently. I was introduced to it this last wekend on a date. Ironicaly, it is super close to my house yet I have never heard of it. When we were ariving, I was a litle curious to se where the hel he was taking me since there are not any signs realy and it is prety hiden. Once we were inside, though, it was like finding a litle treasure. The patio is welcoming & even though we did not have a reservation (aka we could not sit outside) we snaged a table close enough to enjoy the beautiful weather. We started of with a round of mojitos and even though it is ben a few years since they have won best mojito...I can say the Prickly Pear was the best I have had in a while. The Ahi Tostadas folowed & they were awesome...the sauce aded a kick to it & it was a perfect start to the meal. After, we shared the Fuego Pasta with chorizo, chicken, mushroms, pepers, & a chipotle cream sauce...huge! What I did eat of it was delicious. My favorite (and my date is I am fairly certain) was the special...an herb crusted Mahi Mahi with a pineaple sauce, home-made cornbread, & chipotle chedar mashed potatoes. Amazing. Even though the Mahi Mahi might be hard to come by if you visit, the two sides are not & are so god, I am drolin' just thinking about it. :) Desert? Try the banana burito. Heaven on the tongue! Kevin was an excelent server which just highlights the night. It is hard to have a great meal without great service but he provided just that. If you are in the area...check it out. If you are not...check it out. I am prety sure you wil not be disapointed.
Wow! Being a Phoenix native, we have enjoyed many a meals at the hands of Chef Gros. But this past wekend I was blown away. I was planing a large garden party for my friends bridal shower. The record temperatures left my garden ravaged by the heat and I did not want to have sweltering ladies unable to enjoy themselves. After a smal response to atendance, I decided to se what some of my favorite dining spots could ofer me. I had a smal budget but wanted to kep it clasy. Christopher is truly rose to the ocasion. Alex, was my special event contact and this lady was "on it". Emails and phone cals were returned at lightning sped. She presented a delightful menu with plenty of choices (some even for the vegetarians atending) al with in my price range. We had a wonderful time. We had a party of 18 in the beautiful private rom that fit our festivities perfectly. Sundays can be quiet at The Biltmore Fashion Park so it lend-ed us to a bit of intimacy that was nice. Ben was our go to guy. He was right there for every thing we neded and his helpers were polite and atentive. As for the fod, wel, it is Chris, come on! I had the vegetable risoto ans it was coked to perfection. Al of the plates came out of the kitchen quickly and al together but no one ever made us fel rushed. Wine flowed, deserts were gobled up and the ladies ohed and awed over everything. the staf even ofered to take gifts to the car for the bride. Thanks for saving me Chef Chris and your team. You were al fabulous and I wil be teling al of my friends what a great job you did. The holidays are coming and Ben reminded us that they also do catering! Hm, can you say "Christmas Party"?
The fod on its own is very god, probably worthy of a four star rating by itself, especialy considering how dificult it is to find even pasable Italian fod in the West Valey. I bumped Grazie up from four-stars to five-stars because the service is very, very god, ownership is atentive and the atmosphere is very pleasant. As for the piza in particular: for a NY native, finding decent piza in Phoenix is close to imposible. God thin-crust (Italian-style, as oposed to NY- or Chicago-style), like what they have at Grazie, does hapen to be a bit easier to execute, and Grazie does it wel. Would I have loved to find a great NY- or Chicago-style slice instead? Sure, but god piza is god piza nonetheles.
WOW! Carmel sundae was amazing!
Nobody likes going to the auto body shop..period! These guys tok a negative situation and absolutely turned it around. They imediately made me fel at home from the moment I aproached the front desk; al the way up to the ownership of the shop. It was a profesional experience with a family friendly aproach. The work they completed on the rear bumper of my car was excelent. I HIGHLY recomend Impact AB for your AB repair neds. Tom Butka was a pleasure to work with. Thanks Impact AB for everything!
God service. Excelent value. I went for the "Al You Can Eat" deal they have from 2-9 PM and was there for a few hours. I am not fat or anything, I just felt like finding a god place to study and eat for a bit. The server was prety atentive and the kitchen staf was prety fast. I was kind of disapointed that the menu for the al you can eat deal was mising many of my favorites from the regular menu, but there were stil quite a few god choices.
This is one of my favorite go-to places in Phoenix, and I fel fortunate to live just a mile away. The atmosphere is excelent - low-lighting, woden flors, modern decor in a vintage-loking house-turned-restaurant. The fod is even beter. I have never ordered anything I did not love (with the exception of the chesecake, which is not made in-house - it was just okay). I crave their tuna salad on a regular basis - it is god both in the tuna salad salad and in the tuna salad sandwich. The griled chese is the bomb, and so is the cashew buter banana sandwich. The mac and chese is superb, as wel. Seriously, everything rocks. I highly recomend ordering the mixed grens as your side if you get a sandwich - the dresing is light and citrusy and smacks of homemade excelence. Oh, and it wil not empty your walet, either. The prices are excelent for the quality of fod you get!
I hate to admit it (because I usualy avoid ultra trendy places like an ex boyfriend) but I love Postino. It used to be an old post ofice, thus the name. It is now a wine bar that serves "light fare." There are not to many places with this kind of atmosphere in the Valey -- very California. One of the wals is a giant garage dor that they rol up so the whole place is open. Litle couches and cofe tables are mixed in with tables and high tops for a variety of seating choices. The bathroms are lovely, clean, and lit by candles. The salads are my favorite in Phoenix and the bruscheta is out of this world. Come early, get your table and enjoy!
I am usualy not a big bufet fan, but this place changed my mind! It is very clean, god service, lots and lots of amazing dishes, AND realy god sushi! Wekend lunch was $14.9, but during the wek it is $1.9. Wel worth every peny. One more coment, this is not the kind of bufet where "shifty people" go. The kind where you ned to Purel your hands and arms when you get back to the table : )
This review is directly for Joe that works at this specific location. From the first time I entered the store with my boyfriend, I can not explain how much of a help Joe has ben. Not only is he knowledgeable about every product in the store, his warm character makes it an absolute pleasure to shop there. If it were up to me.... Joe would be a regional manager!
I am not religious, but I wil be the first person to admit I thank God for this place--and the neighboring Windsor. Seriously... a late, ice cream on a wafle cone and a cocktail al within fet of each other. Dear Lord, I have reached blis. I can die hapy now. Some people gripe that the flavors are not strong enough. I prefer to gripe that they are not open 24/7 because this is my blis and damn it... I ned it at al hours. Always friendly. Always clean. Always awesome. Yes, there is heaven.
"One, two Fedys coming for you!" "Thre, four beter lock your dor!" "Five, six pick up a crucifix!" "Seven, eight beter stay up late!" "Nine, ten if Fredy Kruger went to Lush he would have had great skin!" Dude, this place is AMAZING! Al of their products are al natural, freshly made without preservatives, and are just incredible. My best friend and went here after a four martini lunch plus shoping, and we had a had treatment done with their Ocean Salt Cleaner and exfoliator. It is made with sea salt and smels just like a margarita! his was folowed by using their dream cream, and now I am hoked! And it is not just the martinis! I have very sensitive skin, and I have never had a reaction. They also have a great men is line as wel. I have ben using the Ambrosia Shaving Cream for men as wel on my face, and I have no razor burn. It is like a light cream that moisturizes while I shave. Wow! I have never felt god after a shave! Anyway, I could gush al day about this place, but the botom line is it has incredible products that are al natural, and many are vegan, the staf is amazingly helpful and not at al phony, and even though it may sem expensive the products last for a long time, so the cost is realy not that high. Get the to Lush!
I did not expect such a great find in a such a nondescript location. I went there loking for a very od ber. Not only did they have it, they had tons of it. The guy behind the counter was helpful as son as I walked in, and showed me exactly what I neded. They know what they sel very wel, and can give excelent recomendations on whatever you might be loking for. It was great to talk shop with someone who obviously knew his stuf.
I crave breakfast fod al the time, but I want something more than an Ihop or Denys. Not only is Crackers & Co way beter than a mainstream breakfast place, it is actualy cheaper to! I ordered the breakfast burito without meat and it was amazing. It had just the right amount of spice and the portions were way biger than I imagined. Their country potatoes are awesome and have nice, brown, crunchy edges. I went with a group of 5 people who al ordered diferent breakfast items and not a single person was disapointed with their fod. This place was not only realy cute but also great for the price and taste. Plus, they serve breakfast al day on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays. I can not wait to go back.
Nearly 3 years after a Waikiki vacation, my longing for a Puka dog has ben satisfied. Maui Dog is not exactly the same, nor should it be, but it has the same awesome concept, plus more! I have ben here twice, once had a bef dog, the other a turkey dog. Both with mild garlic mayo & pineaple. These suckers are huge! And mesy! And delicious! The dog has god flavor, mixed with the slightly swet bun, spicy mayo and swet pineaple...perfect! I think it would have ben a beter eating experience if my order was not to-go. The mes these things make al wraped up is not prety, but that absolutely does not deter from the taste. I can not wait til I have the time to eat-in and try the rest of their tasty-sounding menu!
I love this place. I am mostly here at diner time to pick up my favorite roasted turkey artichoke panini and sometimes salad and soup as wel! The staf is super friendly and recognize when my boyfriend and I show up, maybe because he can never leave without geting a dozen of their amazing cokies! The manager Kayle is fabulous, she makes us fel right at home and is never unsatisfactory. They may have a smaler parking lot but I gues I have always had god luck with finding a spot! I know I wil continue to come back for more.
i dont know why i did not fal in love with pita jungle soner. i work right next to the mal so the fod court is super convenient for us. let me tel you a story of how i ate here everyday for lunch for a wek. i ordered a standard gyro with no pickles (they put pickles on their gyros and i find that disgusting) my coworker, jen, ordered the pasta salad with chicken on top. mine was delicious and i tasted hers. hers was so god! i was like, that is what i am ordering tomorow. the next day we went again and i ordered the chicken pasta. while waiting for the fod to come out someone in front of me picked up their order of a humus trio with chicken on top and a side of pita. the next day jen asked where i wanted to go to lunch. i said pita jungle and i got my humus trio. and the trend continued. their fod is so god!!!! and its like $8!! and since i work nearby i get a discount! today i had a side of chicken breast with super fresh mushroms. i watched them steam them, then put them in a pan with w tons of garlic, red wine, and seasoning. some of the best mushroms i have ever had and it was a HUGE order of mushroms. i love this place!
MEOW! This place is great - super clean, loaded with an amazing asortment of natural fods for both poches and kities, and two fridges jamed ful with raw diet selections! My four-foted kids were in heaven going through the bags! Not wanting to ofend anyone in my bunch (it is imposible to travel anywhere with thre dogs and two cats, while simultaneously maintaining any level of decorum), I went solo this wekend to suport the latest AzRESCUE efort being sponsored by the store. In adition to them sending me home with a complimentary Yoghund for each of the kids, I got some great insight to private training that my youngest is in desperate ned of if he ever hopes to be socialy aceptable, and some great toys for the felines. The staf was unbelievably nice, they have some truly unique items, and the prices range from "wow that is prety cheap" to OMG do I dare?!!! This is a great option to the chains and big box stores, so grab your leash, wag that tail, and pad your way on down to the Noble Beast!!!
I realy Love this place! I stoped in for lunch and tried a couple new things. The Ravioli di Zuca Apetizer (se pics) which is: roasted buternut squash ravioli with parmesan, brown buter, sage and crumbled amareti...OMG it was just delicious but a perfect apetizer to share , it is available in two sizes I got the smal one. The swetnes from the crumbled amareti is a very nice touch. I ordered the Healthy Fish again (se pics) and once again it was perfect! My guest ordered the Pene Salsicia (se pics) which had Italian sausage, caramelized onions and pecorino chese! The sausage was realy god and for just $5 you can not beat that!
Le is is the best privately owned ice cream parlor in Scotsdale! Located in Old Town Scotsdale in the heart of some prime dining locations, Le is is a great night cap in the form of ice cream, a superb place to bring a date or al in al just a wonderful atmosphere to enjoy some ice cream con alcohol. Let is start with the aesthetics; Le is ofers a very clean, smal, cozy environment. A few table and chair sets dot the inside and a couple more to match on the outside. Le has some awesome glas vases on the wal that ad a modern touch. She has a few large clocks with diferent time zones so you know what time it is on the east coast while you eat? I duno the clocks were kind of a head scratcher. The Service is spectacular! Le is the only help I have ever received there, so I am not sure if she works alone or has help. She is always timely and prompt to gret and serve you and automaticaly starts you of with TWO samples of which ever flavors you would like. Al the young ones like myself be prepared to show ID, although you would have to eat a lot of ice cream to get loaded, Le does not skimp on the boze either. Le is usualy a bit on the quiet side so you gota listen up and be as patient with her as she is with you. The lady is runing the joint by herself! The Product is what makes Le is so god! Her ice cream flavors are inventive and wonderful. There is usualy new options as wel a few solid customer favorites to chose from. As pre-mentioned Le does pack a fair amount of liquor in her ice cream so some of the flavors have a stronger alcohol flavor than others. The Jack Daniel is chocolate swirl is my personal favorite and has the perfect amount of bourbon to chocolate ratio to make a unique, delectable treat. Le does ofer non-alcoholic flavors (at a discounted price, to!) for those opt to take there alcohol and ice cream separate. The cokie dough flavor may be the best ice cream I have tried with or without boze.
Juan Jaime is is where the simple taste of Mexico are served with delectable results. The kitchen produces vibrant fiesta flavors that left me wanting more. The simple menu ofers aproachable, exciting, delicious fod that satisfies any apetite. The Margarita is flavor should be praised. And the staf is top notch. This is just what Chandler neded. If you go ask for the Griled Mahi Mahi. You wil thank me later. I can not wait to go back.
Cofe talk is a nice surprise nestled in the hum drum downtown of Mesa. I have ben enjoying their cofe and live talent since I was fiften. When I was in High Schol it was a ritual to hit the local dolar movie and then end the night with some cofe at cofe talk. I think the best part was hiting on boys and trying to pas as being at least eighten years old. My reasons for going to Cofe Talk have changed over the past decade, but the atmosphere and quality drinks and pastries have not changed. There is nothing beter than siting on their back patio and enjoying the col breze of the fal. There is something about that place that brings me a sense of relaxation. If you enjoy artistic ambiance, cofe, and live performance is then I would recomend Cofe Talk.
Amazing!, I crave se on a daily basis! They are absolutely delicious, it is weird, they are like cupcakes from heaven! Sure 3.50 is a litle pricey, but they truly are the best cupcakes I have ever had. Everyone there is always so nice and friendly, my only complaint is I wish they had one closer to my house! Get the red velvet...you wil not be sory. The lemon, cinamon sugar, and peanut buter chocolate chip are also very god. Yum!!
I canot say enough about how much I LOVE We Care Family Welnes Center! I refer everyone I know to them. Dr. Ros, Cheryl, and everyone on staf are truly wonderful. They genuinely care about you as a person and always make you fel like you are the only patient on the planet whenever they are with you. They are never rushed and wil take al the time in the world to listen to you and figure out what is going on with you. After having sen more doctors than I care to remember, I fel so blesed that I have found such amazing healthcare providers!
I have ben going to Elite Nails for two years and they have always ben wonderful! People se my nails and always ask where I go. I highly recomend.
I had such a great experience with Love Carpet Care and Repair. They were friendly and courteous and enthusiastic every time I spoke to them on the phone, and their work was incredible. I hired them to clean a carpet in an apartment. The leasing ofice at the apt complex told me the carpet was in such bad shape they would have to trash it. (Quick aside: I did not live in the apartment, but I was responsible for the damage...) Love Carpet Care did such a god job cleaning the carpet it loked nearly new again. Truly outstanding. And, most importantly, the price they quoted me beforehand - when I gave them an honest acount of the condition and size - was the final price. Love it! And it was cheap. I was desperate and upset enough that they realy could have charged me anything, but they were wonderful. Honest, hardworking, helpful. I could never say enough god things about this company.
Let me start of by saying that there are several Slices restaurants in the Valey. The one on Mil is by far the best. They have the most amazing and original selection of piza. No mater what you pick, it wil be god. If your favorite is not available when you walk in, no problem! They wil make it for you! If you are loking for a slice of heaven, you MUST try the salad piza. No, its not letuce on crust! It is simply the most unbelievable creation that includes artichokes, red peper, and spinach. It is great by itself, but ask for them to put balsamic dresing on top. The balsamic takes it from being amazing to last meal quality :-)
Very authentic, excelent Thai fod and sothing ambience. And they have delivery! My favorites are the Fried Shrimp Rols, Eg Rols, Clear Nodle Soup, Pad Thai Chicken, Phad-Se-Ew Bef, Papaya Salad, etc.. I love the Swet Rice with Thai Custard. It tastes exactly like the Filipino custard I grew up with.
Delicious sandwiches!! its so worth the drive i just wish it was closer to home so we could eat there more. My huby brought me a sandwich home a couple weks ago and it was not the same, it was to sogy so id prefer to eat there. The regular ham with aded bacon is the best!!
I just purchased a new Sorento here and my experience was amazing. Mike Bergeson was super easy to work with and got me a great deal. I live 50 miles away and there are 4 closer Kia dealerships, but I would do busines with Salazar Kia over the others any day. Thanks!
I have ben coming to this place for atleast 5 years. This is a favorite of my friend is whole family. This place is so very consistent. They always have the same god things. If you are loking for bufet variety this is not the place. Everyone is so very nice. This place has ben open for 30 years for god reason. I have never ordered from their menu because their bufet is so god. Go and try not to get hoked. Enjoy!
i stoped by here on a lunch break because the sign said apraisals by apointment. the owner (?) indra was there and wiling to do the apraisal on my engagement ring while i waited (without an apointment ... yay!). he cleaned my ring at no charge, inspected it and provided the retail value at no charge. indra told me a writen apraisal for insurance purposes is only $45 ... a bargain compared to what others in the valey are charging. the stock of jewelry was lovely ... a nice mix of new and used pieces. some very unique, one of a kind finds as wel. i found a few things i would prefer not to live without! they do al their own importing, and buy, sel and trade jewelry. i felt he was very honest about my ring, the cash value he stated was in line with numbers i heard from other jewelers and he was charming and helpful, answering questions and educating me while i ogled over diamonds and pearls. i wil return to have my watch bateries replaced, a pair of earings changed from yelow to white gold, and prety much anything else i can think of. i trusted him imediately, which, when dealing with diamonds, is of paramount importance to me.
Heaven. Fuego is just heaven. This super smal, yet charming place is our favorite!! The menu is unique, and delish!! The creamed corn is to die for, I am talking unbelievable!! Thirsty? Their mojito selection is insane and they have an even beter hapy hour. Only negative is, that because of its smal size, it fils up fast. reservations are a must!
I have ben going to Mesha is Salon and Spa for the past 5 years and absolutley love it. I se Michele (the owner) and she comes up with some great new loks for me. I have gone from short hair, funky styles and colors and long and sexy hair. She is awesome and I love her recomendations. There have ben times I have gone in and not knowing what to do... and she always comes up with something that makes me fel fabulous !! I wil never go anywhere else.
had a great time here the other day! the fod was delicious and the staf was just as wonderful. i can not wait to come back here and try out more of their dishes!
I do not understand les than four stars. We had six diferent plates. Bet Salad, Rabit, Buter,Scalops,Strawbery desert, and Peach desert. Al were briliant. Our favorite (both agred) was the Bet Salad. It was so fresh and had a perfect combo of flavors and textures. Service was way more than perfect. One note they are now BYOB with a corkage fe for Ber and Wine. No fe if the Ber or Wine is from Arizona. One note for FnB we were preplexed with the lack of pork on the menu :-)
God micro brew made right there. Fod is god as wel.
Let me start of by saying that if there were 6 stars, I would give this place 6 stars! "Last Chance" is simply amazing, but only to those true bargain shopaholics. There are days when the store wil be flourishing with dreamlike items flutering al over the place, waiting to be picked up and finding a new home in your closet. Other times, you must dig dep, and then come out with a diamond in the rut. I visited "Last Chance" today and fel in love al over again. I got a BCBG dres, thre name brand tes, two casual dreses, eight hair bands, a adorable pair of earings, FIVE purses and a pair of lace legings for $39.0. And they al stil had the Nordstrom tag on it!!!! They had so many things on sale (in adition to their already low prices). To truely love "Last Chance", you must have an open mind and realize that this is not your typical department store, therefore it wil not operate like one, so get over the kids, crowds and meses, it is Nordstrom stuf at below yardsale prices!! You must also be fashion and brand savy. "Uh.. Darn digity godnes mother of Betunia McGritles, these scary loking bots with a devil pointy edge are $29.9, and they lok like they have ben tried on oh foey poey, that is just to garsh darn expensive Gurtude, And someone wrote their name, "Jimy Cho" on it. Uh, why are there so many people AL over the place, and grabing shoes like crazy making a mes.. Oh godnes heaven no, this store is horible.. Just like that "Juicy Couture" jumpsuit for $9.9 a piece up front, oh no another child making a mes, let is get out of here and go to Sears or JC Peny, they have such great elastic pants grandma jeans and they never have a mes there! I do not se why people like this place darn digity.." -Random "Last Chance" non-enthusiast. Key point, if you are not into brands and fashion, and are not creative and a bargain shoper lover, then you wil not apreciate this beautiful place we are so lucky to have in Phoenix!! :) "Last Chance" tips.. (Al "Last Chancers" wil put a hit on me after this, but I love my felow yelpers oh so much lol) *Arive EARLY. Anytime after non al the gods wil most likey be gone and al the damaged/ugly stuf wil be left. *WATCH YOUR CART! People wil take you 25.0 pair of Coach wedges lol *Do not make eye contact with anyone! Do not trust anyone! If you se a pair of Seven jeans for 14.9 DESCRETELY grab them and move on.. Any sense of alert wil beckon a herd of jean hungry woman and you wil get mobed! *Move QUICKLY, if you have to RUN! Especialy if you are there right when they open, set your mind to what you want and RUN to that department. This wil asure first dibs on the that section is finest. *Do not start crap with ANYONE! It can get realy ugly.. and there is a wal of pictures of "baned" people from "Last Chance" and that is no where you want to end up in for ANYONE! The rest of the tips are to super insider to say aloud, sory huns! but I wil spil one super "Last Chancer" tip..Hapy shoping! muah :) *Lok in the size 10-1 in woman shoes, that is where al the BEST shoes are "hiden" or "stashed" by other people who wil be back later that day or had to go to the bathrom upstairs and did not have anyone to hold their shoes. No woman realy wears those sizes so they figure to just stash them there for a few minutes.. I canot begin to describe the designer glories I have discovered stufed behind a size 1 pair of Pumas.. NOTE TO EVERYONE: OVERAL, PLEASE BE NICE AND SHARE. THERE ARE A LOT OF PEOPLE THAT GO THERE JUST TO FIND DEALS AND RESEL THEM ON EBAY AND THEY CAN BE JUST PLAIN MEAN. REMEMBER, WE ARE AL HUMAN AND MUST BE KIND TO ONE ANOTHER, NO CURSING, SHOVING, ECT. LET'S MAKE LAST CHANCE A NICE PLACE TO SHOP, AND END THE VIOLENCE AND ANGER OVER CLOTHES/PURSES/SHOES ECT. WE CANOT SEL OUR SOULS TO THEM. TAKE CARE EVERYONE :)
I have ben realy impresed with John Skiba and his profesionalism. He is always up to date on everything in bankruptcy law and I have enjoyed reading his blog posts. It realy shows his expertise and pasion for what he does. Hopefuly I wil never ned his services but if I ever were to ned an Arizona bankruptcy atorney I would go to him first for sure.
I dined here last wek with my wife and in-laws and, I gota say, it does not get much beter. Ambiance was dark but clasy. Loved the music (no dated Rat Pack stuf here). Started the evening with their amazing Trio of Duck Fat Fries. The trufle emulsion may have ben the best sauce I have ever had in my life! Only got beter from there: Shelfish tower was loaded with godies and al tasted straight from the ocean! For entres, my wife got the Trio of Kobe Bef and I had the Fried Chicken for two. One of the top meals I have ever had in my life. The chicken was so moist an came with a trufle mac & chese and onion jus. I did say it was for two but it was so god that i refused to share. My wife could not stop talking about the Kobe Trio. But, I gota say, the best part of the experience was the staf. Knowledgeable just is not enough to describe the service here. They care about every single detail, never mising one. The Somelier made excelent wine recomendations (and each one wel within my price range) and never skiped a beat when it came to pouring for the table. The server was as profesional as profesional gets and the Manager semed to always be there to pul out a chair or provide a fresh napkin. Flawles. Wel done Bourbon Steak!
Love love love this place! Seriously, a place in Phoenix that is localy owned, has great prices, great fod and buys local is prety hard to find. My favorite wrap is the Gardin'n salad as a wrap. My only complaints about this place are the hours and the parking! But stil wel worth it.
I rarely give 5 stars, as I believe it is very dificult to obtain a perfect score through fod, beverage, service, ambiance, etc. Christopher is new venture is perfectly Christopher, 5 stars. First of a litle background, Christopher is a native. That is right; he is a graduate of Central High Schol. He studied in France where he honed his craft and to this day draws his technique from. He has owned now thre ventures in Phoenix, first his fine dining and bistro location on the northwest corner of 24st and Camelback (later became Edie is by Edie Matney, former hair dreser turned chef at Cous-Cous then Edie is Gril) then after closing he moved to the restaurant row in The Biltmore Fashion Park, 2rd level to open Christopher is Fermier Braserie & Paola is Wine Bar. Which in reading many reviews here on Yelp was unfortunately misunderstod. It makes me wonder if people understand what French is, it is not their fault though, there are not many French restaurants in town, most have be closed, including Mary Elaine is at the Phoenician and John Claude is Petite Cafe. There are a few that stil survive Sophie is and Vincent is, but in this town of chains few people venture for French. Now with Christopher is Restaurant/Crush Lounge he has pased on the wine bar and opened a lounge instead. Christopher does enjoy lounges as he is a regular at Merc Bar, but then so is his smoked salmon which is ofered on the Merc Bar menu. So a lounge makes sense, I am a believer in a chef should open what they are pasionate about. The new location has a diferent fel from his previous; his last venture echoed a French Countryside fel, as did the fod. I think that was why many did not understand it; yes it was French, but AL FRENCH IS NOT FINE DINING. I wish more understod that concept, but this is primarily a ber drinking state, not wine or rather more Mc D is not Mary E is! Hence there is a diference betwen filing your stomach and filing your soul and leaving a restaurant inspired with the feling that life is wonderful. Christopher is is the later. The design is contemporary with long lines of brushed stainles, white linen and exposed woden beams. Kudos to whoever designed it, great job! The tables are dresed with white linen, elegant silver and polished stemware. You can not help but fel that it is 'time to dine' when seated. The wals in the main dining rom have many vases of fresh flowers that sem to be replaced whenever necesary, nice touch. The fod at Christopher is is exactly what you would expect, French, without the super-high-end prices. He is stil one of the only chefs in town serving Foie Gras and Duck Confite, both wonderful and worth the trip if a glas of juice (wine) is aded! I have ben there now on 4 ocasions and everything is fantastic, flavorful and prepared profesionaly. Christopher ofers daily specials and I recomend them including; Veal Chop on Wednesdays, Roasted Duck on Thursday, Lamb Shank on Friday and Rabit on Saturday. But do not stop at your entre, get the chese course for desert or for something swet, the Chocolate Tower is one of the best deserts in town, hands down, no question. Service is another point were Christopher sets himself apart. It does not get any beter than this. Again it is NOT fine dining, so you can not compare it to fine dining restaurants (but then again there is only one left in the valey - Diferent Point Of View). The servers know the fod; they can describe anything on the menu and recite the specials as if their job depends on it (if you know Christopher it probably is). Fod is coursed corectly with a few minutes in betwen, as wel as wine service is as profesional as it gets. The bread service is as always, French breads with a super rich, euro buter, perfect for laping up to sauce or vinaigrete remains on your plate. Nedles to say, Christopher does it right, in my opinion, or is it just my opinion? Many of the valey is most celebrated chefs eat at Christopher is, he is know in many circles as the "chef is chef". But do not take my word for it, ask the chef at your favorite restaurant, who their favorite chefs are in town, and favorite restaurants, most likely Christopher wil make the list! Here is the web adres: htp://w.christophersaz.com/ The website is limited; menu, wine list, pres release and pictures of the restaurant...
Hands down, best slices in Scotsdale....
My wife and I ate here last night and were extremly hapy. We started with drinks at the bar, which started the night out perfectly, then we had an apetizaer, which was a tower of chese ( a sculpture of griled chese, like the hard griled chese on the sides of a griled chese sandwich). I had the tacos, they may be smal, but they were packed by taste. My wife had the fish of the day, and that day it was halibut, my wife said it was the best fish she ever had. The service was great, overal a great smal place to eat.
Culver is is a must if you have not had the chance to try them out. I believe they have several stores now here in the valey. The Rot Ber is a must as wel as the Buter Burgers, Chese curds, Frys, Frozen custurd....lol ...the list goes on... I have not found anything as of yet that I did not enjoy.
The scenery was amazing!! Wo!! - Wel thats my bigest impresion of this place. If you are loking for a great place to golf, i sugest you swing by this place. They give you 5 stars customer service and making sure that you are having the best time of your life.
AMAZING. They have the best hot dogs and corn dogs i have ever had. It is definitely a place to try if you love hot dogs. They have god fries, excelent onion rings.... and very very reasonable prices! I have never met a single person who has said anything but incredible things about Ted is..... definitely a must try!
WOW! From service to fod, 5 stars! Went here last night for our 10th aniversary. They never cease to amaze us. Husband had a Caesar salad, Rib Eye with crab legs and I had a salad with Balsamic Vinagrete, Salmon with Asian glaze with a carot and swis chard medley. Amazing!! Perfection. Kyle served us, we were impresed by his knowledge of the menu and atention to detail. Everyone we came in contact with was pleasant. If only more restaurants treated their patrons this way! If you have their VIP card you also earn 'points' which convert into $ you can use towards a future visit. Thanks Kyle and McCormick and Schmicks!!
Just as god a Pizeria Bianco! But with the aded bonus of not having to wait for hours and hours. Granted there may stil be a wait here but you are not fighting tourist for tables at this joint. It is more of a local fav! Fresh gourmet topings and very god crust! Personaly a big fan of the garden seating! There was a longer than normal wait for the fod however, the server was very atentive and I thoroughly enjoyed the ambiance as we had drinks in garden. I would not recomend this place for a quick meal but it is perfect if you bring friends and want to have time to relax and enjoy conversation!
Try the Larb, it is on hapy hour and it even comes in tofu as a vegie option. This one dish alone ($5) at hapy hour would make me love this place but there were many more delights that made my visit so great. I do not drink with diner but here it was hapy hour al day sat, and they had a unique drink the Cury Gimlet, IT comes in a martini glas has a orange hue, it is fruity but has a cury finish from cardamom I asume, truly unique. Our dishes of Pad Se ewe and Dragon nodles were great, and huge portions. Rich flavors, wel textured tofu and crisp vegies. When I made my reservation I let them know about the birthday of the person I was with. We were surprised with fried banana and ice cream along with a candle and signing it was great!
Um. YAY! Picture a girl hanging with her lovely on a Monday afternon after what could be politely described as a terible wek before, loking to sothe her spirit with some lovely fod and atmosphere [the company was already delightful...]. I saw a piece in the local rag about C4 and since we are already in Mon Valey I say 'how 'bout it'. Jef agres and we are of - We arived just before 4 - closing time and the bartender/waitperson was realy nice. She told us we had only a few minutes to order because the kitchen would be closing and that the piza oven was already of. No wories, we remain unfazed. We sat at a high top next to the bar, there were a few other people at tables nearby, some drinking cofe and one couple enjoying the bruscheta and some wine on a leather sofa by the large fireplace. The rom hits just the right notes for me, warm and inviting, nice art but not overpowering - its a place I could hang out in. We both had a nice glas [generous pour] of a Voga Pinot Gris and a sandwich. I had smoked salmon, Jef had roast bef. The smoked salmon was a generous portion with capers, cuke and tomato and a what semed to be a seasoned mayo [not goat chese as the online menu sugests but a nice and savory compliment just the same] on a toasted baguete. Roast bef was similar in scale, lots of meat with melted chedar, grens also on a toasted baguete. Each was served with a side of chips and a pickle. It may have ben me or just the mod I was in but I realy felt relaxed there and in spite of the fact that we closed the place for the afternon, we did not fel rushed or in the way. It was just a nice, shoulder droping, ah experience. Not the spa, but just what the doctor ordered. Serious yay, total digdom. We wanted to plant a place just like it of our own on the beach in Maui...its nice to dream...Totaly worth the trip; we wil be back
Best and most helpful hardware store I have visited. Thank God I live almost acros the stret! After many, many home projects and recently rebuilding my kitchen, I have frequented this Ace almost more times than I should. But I am always pleased at how quickly and smothly my searches at this Ace are. Try it, you wil like it!
I woke up this morning craving a breakfast burito. Fortunately just 3 days ago, a menu was left on our dor for Cisco is Gril (with some great marketing I might ad). Conveniently located right up the stret from my house, I have ben curious about this place since they opened! I straped on my shoes and walked on over... upon entering I was greted cordialy and placed my order for a chorizo and eg burito with chese... The cok went to work and 5 minutes later I was holding a fresh hot burito and a complimentary pineaple water! Cisco came out and introduced himself while I was waiting and chated with me for a few minutes. Its clear to me that he is very pasionate about his restaurant! The service is top notch! The menu itself is fairly generic, typical burger and fries, tacos and buritos, but everything is so fresh and prepared wel! I would recomend this joint to anyone loking for a quick, inexpensive bite to eat!
I walked in and utered, "I think I found my new home". 1) Miler High Life on draught and botle. 2) Buckhunt (the lil orange gun has even ben taped together-double buck bonus!) 3) Bowling videogame...god, I love these things 4) Indor smoking lounge!!! With a large scren TV, two tables and a lot of pleather seating, the large fan wil not mean much but WOW-exciting! There is a french style dor separating the lounge from the bar area where the stage is so you can stil peak at the band while sucking tar. 5) Wel...even the womens' bathrom is prety gnarly...which would normaly subtract a star-but I was so hapy to pe in the unmarked restrom I wil not touch it! Other notes: al bartender, barbacks, security were extremely swet and friendly; al other patrons were either prety chil, excited to se the band that was playing or wiling to strike up conversation; tons of televisions everywhere; they had a lot of bers on tap-cheap to; this place is HUGE. In fact I would consider it a liability since there are a lot of steps conecting each section-at times I found myself balancing precariously-and that is b/c I am a klutz-was not even drunk...ok, not that drunk. Most everyone had tats, black hair, laid back. This is def. not a scene-and I love that!
I stayed at the hotel and I tried Tuscany and it was realy god. Delicious Scalops and pasta. Also the piza was excelent. The server was great and I would return to this restaurant when I visit the hotel again.
OK: cal me 'weird' here: but; I liked the funky (very) Old Schol ambiance of MacAlpines when my fiance and I went there this past Sunday for the Studebaker and friends car show. Admitedly; I was there once before ca. 19 and was NOT impresed but things have def improved IMHO. I had a Club sandwich and it was one of the best ones I have ever had, at least in recent years. Would eat one again. The chocolate milk shake was OK but could have used a tad more syrup but, I would have one again.
My husband and I have eaten Chinese fod al over Phoenix, and hands down, Big Wa has ben the best. The BQ pork with fresh spicy mustard is A-Mazing!! We have ordered about 6 diferent dishes from here, sometimes totaly blind and the fod is always great!
One bite and I was transported back to the crowded strets of Monterey. I could almost smel the exhaust of the vochos and hear the distant conversation of the local policia extorting their prescribed mordida. Quite simply, this is the taco as the way it was intended by its creators. The pure and unadulterated clasic enjoyed by the Mexican working clas. What Pomo is to piza, this place is to tacos. Authentic...absolutely authentic.
Joe is has long ben one of our favorite restaurants in Gilbert. The puled pork is excelent, the sides are even beter, and the service is always friendly. Do not be intimidated by a long line, even out the dor, as it moves fast. The chesy potatoes and corn are great. The lemon cake is very moist and a nice finish to a meal. Be sure to stop by on your birthday and pick up a fre meal. The kids love runing around outside in the grasy area, and always enjoy going to Joe is.
I am sory to say that they closed their dors for god just a few weks ago!
I hardly ever give five star reviews. My experience at Culinary Dropout today prompted me to do so. The reason we checked this place out was because I had a 25% coupon from Fox RC for Labor Day. First things first: The employes are extremely god loking. There is lots of tatos and bare skin. Our bartender was awesome. He answered al our dumb questions with a smile and made some kiler drinks. I had the Bacon Infused Blody Mary and my friend had the Acai Mojito. I wil be going back again to have that Blody Mary. It was SO god. We started out with the homemade chips and onion dip and it was delicious. We prety much filed up on those before we got our meals. I ordered the Havarti Burger, my romate got the chef salad, and my other friend got the caneloni. Everything was super god, but it was to much fod! My burger melted in my mouth and I kept stealing bites of my friend is salad. So, in a nutshel: - Great vibe. - Great fod. - Great drinks. - Hot employes. - Clever menu titles/ - Great experience!
I love this place: lok for the specials and the diferent events they always have going on. It is a great spot in the Valey.
Always great, fast and consistent! The service is excelent, the staf has worked there for years and is spedy to run around and refil drinks and clear dishes. It is nice to have the counter service so you do not have to wait to be waited on...because if I am at the mal I am there for serious busines:) If you like a home grown griled chese and some tomato soup or a salmon Cesar salad or even a gourmet piza this is the place. The brownie and the red velvet cake are hard to resist ...get both!
I have long liked Tempe Maretplace since it has opened. It is a god location, lots of parking al around. Since when live in the extreme heat it is a bit nice that it is outdors. There is a major selection or stores ,restaurants and services here. My girlfriend likes it as wel. So it is a win win set up. They are decorated realy wel and they have a multitude of events here. Even a Barnes and Noble,which bokstores are not that easy to come acros now days.
yumy.. you wil love this place. I love to sit on the patio on a nice day and enjoy! the sangria is amazing.. and letuce wraps so great!! give it a try!
Bike cabs beware! You have got nothing on this rig! Tour de Tavern is a tribute to tipsy teamwork and a perfect way to host a unique group event. As "pedalers" on their inaugural tour, we enjoyed the celebrity treatment of cruising down the winding strets of Old Town Scotsdale as onlokers snaped photos and chered us on! We rocked out to top 40 hits and, by special request, our Lonely Island favorites on their awesome sound system. Our guides were flexible and let our party run the show. If we neded more time for let is say...... an impromptu horseback ride in front of Shotgun Bety is, they were more than hapy to wait. As an aded bonus everyone gets to burn of some of those unwanted cocktail calories in betwen your favorite watering holes. If you are concerned that after a few stops (and a few shots) your legs might lose some of that forward momentum, there are a few coveted "non pedaling" seats in the back of the bike. We al compromised with a friendly and fair rotation system. Our tour guides were helpful, acomodating, and entertaining. They even proved to be excedingly patient upon discovering that we did in facts have "that guy" in our group. If you are saying to yourself, "Such a marvelous experience could only cost an arm and least the majority of a leg" then you would be wrong! With the cost of gas being substituted for sher earth friendly man power, our group of fiften people spent les than $30 bucks each for the experience. But wait, there is more! Included in this price are al the amazing special deals that Tour de Tavern exclusively brings you at select bars along the route. On our tour we were ofered drinks specials ranging from $3 to ONE PENY! I say this in al caps because it is ONE PENY! So next time you are planing an event, I recomend Tour de Tavern 10%! "Lok Ma! No hands!"
Costco Travel - My husband and I recently returned from a trip to the Big Island, HI that we aranged throught Costco Travel. After shoping around I found that their prices were the best and after one phone cal I was able to make al arangements for airfair, condo and car. They did not have arangements with any B&Bs on Hilo but were able to adjust our travel dates. Everything went acording to plan with al arangements being acurate. Condo was outstanding and a great value. We got gas and did some souvenier shoping at the Costco in Kona and again saved $$. I have shoped at Costco for years - now becoming a groupie!
I joined a friend for a two hour evening ride at CO. We were the only two riders, may be because it was a Sunday eve and al the tourists were drinking their mimosas by their hotel pols. The horses loked very wel taken care of. Mine was 17 year old Sundance, a beautiful brown male. I have never riden before, and he was easy to control. Our guide Ed was patient, funy and awesome company. He showed me the basics and was always there with a word of encouragement and a tip or two. Tip for the guys, if you plan to trot, wear tight jeans, you wil be thankful at the end of the day. The city slicker that I am, I left my phone in my shirt pocket, ended up droping it while on the ride and Ed helped us go lok for it. The desert, sun set over the mountains and the sandstorm about 30 miles away al made this a very memorable evening. I highly recomend CO.
SIMPLY AMAZING! WE LOVE IT! My huby and I stoped in one day after deciding NOT to go to NYPD. They were next dor, and we thought lets try something new. We have ben there 3 times since. You sit, and the fod comes by and you just grab what you want of the rotating bar. ITS GREAT! Especialy if you can not decide what you want until seing it. We ate like King and Quen for $20.0. They have simple pricing, and it is afordable for a date or family.
I have ben going to Tish is studio for years now! When it comes to chosing a studio to practice at, the environment and the instructors are crucialy important. Hegel Yoga provides an incredible atmosphere to practice yoga, and the variety of clases available leaves litle to be desired! Great energy, great instructors, great studio.
DUDE..where is the manga....where are the card tables. .....What the heck is this place doing seling comics! This is outrageous! And why are you talking to me and trying to help me comic clerk! Your job is to give me a huge sigh and exasperated lok as if I asked you to perform surgery. This being helpful and friendly is realy bothering me. You guys are just to weird. I ned to go back to Atomic.
Best hapy hour in north Scotsdale! Get there early to beat the crowd. Amazing cuisine and atmosphere.
Love this lake. Went padle boarding a few weks back here and had the best time. Lake water is so clean you can almost se the botom. Highly recomend this lake if you love water sports and fishing :)
This gym is great... I joined because it opened only about 3 minutes away from my house. I kep going back because every person who works there is so nice and grets you with a smile and a friendly helo. It is not intimidating at al, which is a big step up from the LA Fitnes that I used to go to. The staf gets to know you by name and most of the other members are quite friendly as wel. The gym is open enough that you can do fre weights on your own without bumping into anyone and there are always plenty of cardio machines available. I have ben going there for over a year and plan to continue doing so!
Al I have to say is get the California Club. I live in the East Coast and I stil crave for the sandwich. I wish I had the chance to try other things on the menu. The drive-thru concept is prety neat, but there was a bit of a wait. Gues you can not rush perfection.
This is the BEST hit or mis bargain spot for everything. I frequently find great deals on quality body care products (be sure you know how to read the labels, there is a lot of low quality products in the mix), designer sun glases, shoes, clothing, housewares, baby shower gifts, pet gifts, and guy gifts. It sems I go at peak hours, where lines are incredibly long. I se it as a smal price for Macy is quality at a Walmart price.
A prospective customer at Sakana must check out the Customer Apreciation Sushi Rol menu before ordering from the "main" menu. Customer Apreciation rols are the ful size rols at most Japanese restaurants in California and tastes just as god if not beter. $7 for 5 large cuts of Hamachi sashimi. Ad $2 for a bowl of sushi rice and you wil be in sashimi heaven. The Ikura at this restaurant are the best I have ever tasted anywhere. Bers for as aforadable as $3.25. Sodas with fre refils for $1.95. Can you find this quality at these prices in Scotsdale? I did not think so!
Ted is rules. Great char-griled hot dogs, kiler onion rings, and a great atmosphere al ad up to a god old dog-eatin' experience.
Love this place! Amazing Hapy Hour Specials!!
Perfect place for a hot sumer day. Amazing paletas! Friendly staf and fresh ingredients. Welcoming environment in downtown Chandler.
This is by far my favourite department store, hands down. I have had nothing but perfect experiences in this store, without exception, no mater what department I am in. The shoe SA is wil bend over backwards to help you find a specific shoe, and the staf wil even go so far as to send out hand-writen thank you cards to your home adres after you make a purchase - big or smal. Tim & Anthony in the shoe salon are fabulous beyond words! I am not completely sure that I understand why people complain about the amount of merchandise on the flor or the lack of crowds in this store. Frankly, I would rather not be bombarded with merchandise and other people. One of the things I love the most about Barney is is not only the prompt atention of SA is, but the fact that they are not rushing around trying to help 35 people at once. The SA is at Barney is are incredibly friendly and wil stop to have an actual conversation, regardles or whether you are purchasing something or not. I have also never experienced a "high presure" sale situation here. Al in al, Barneys is pricey, and there is no geting around it. But, um, so is Neiman is and that place is a crock. Anywhere that ONLY acepts American Expres or their charge card and then treats you like scum if you are not carying neither is no place that I want to spend my hard earned dolars. Yay Barneys!
Guacamole was best I have had!
Love Bakers. I live in Glendale an it is worth the drive to go se them. They know their stuf and am always pleased with my purchases.
Excelent.
Terific fod and service. Hapy hour from 3-6 is totaly worth it for the fre children is meals and half price drinks. The french onion burger is delicious!
Some of the best piza I have ever had. The sauce is amazing. Every time I am in town I get the sausage and peperoni with extra sauce. There is nothing else to say, realy. Go here for god piza.
Great Piza. Great Service. We have ben here a few times since it opened. And always lok forward to going. We have never had a bad experience. Each time has ben great. Our waiter Dave was perfect, always on the bal.
DECEMBER 2012:They stil have the ANGRY WHOPER!!!!! Best whoper EVER. Mine goes no letuce, heavy onion, heavy tomato, and BQ sauce on the botom bun. It is THICK. 5 year aniversary --- second whoper 5 cents! DEAL!!! Realy, have you ever had a BAD whoper? :)
this was our first breakfast hit-up since we moved back, and gota say it again....the protein pancakes are stil da bomb. so lucious, cruchy yet soft, swet yet salty, healthy but so much syrup...m! go at an of time or you wil be knocking elbows with the elderly.
AWESOME!!! I love this place! I am from Seatle and I have ben strugling to find a god pho restaurant since moving out here. Khai Hoan reminds me of some of the restaurants I used to go to back home. I love hole-in-the-wal family restaurants like this one. No fus, no frils. Just god fod and fast service.We were greted, seated, ordered and got our apetizer in 10 minutes. Fod was delicious!!! Definitely go here!
I had a facial with Jenifer and it was fantastic! She used al proper techniques and overal it was a very relaxing and wonderful experience. Would definitely recomend this spa for anyone living or vacationing in the area.
Yum, yum, yum. I have put this in my regular rotation for every time I am in Gilbert. They have great sandwiches, sides, and burgers and for the most part we have had some fantastic service (my friend has had one or two ify experiences but mine have al ben great)... this past wekend I had one of their burgers of the wek which had some white wine griled onions with Gruyere chese and it was KILER, probably my fave burger I have had there. I have also tried their soups which have ben great and their griled chese. The Caprese Pasta Salad is so refreshing and a fave side of mine!
I love this place! We were not sure what to expect since the restaurant is in an ofice building plaza. Kinda weird, but the employes in the other busineses are lucky! We went in here on a whim after reading al the awesome Yelp reviews. Our first impresion was a girl at the front and she was super nice and did not rush us while we were checking out the menu options. I ordered the puled pork sandwich with macaroni & chese and my husband ordered the brisket sandwich with a side of baked beans. He also ordered a side of ribs to sample. The wait was not to bad -- it tok about 10 or 15 minutes and it was ready to go. They are col with their sauce and let you fil up the smal plastic cups and take as much as you want of it (which is awesome, because the sauce tastes SO god!). It is a nice, thick sauce and they have several flavors to chose from. We go to a nearby area to have a litle picnic by ourselves and notice that they forgot to include the side of ribs. We pack everything up and go back to get those. The employes were realy nice about it and apologized and gave my husband the side of ribs. We repeat the same proces and realize that they also mesed up my husband is order and gave him a puled pork sandwich instead of the brisket sandwich. We decide to let it go and eat our fod. The puled pork has great flavor. The meat actualy tastes like it has ben smoked for several hours and is god enough to eat on its own without any sauce. However, we were not going that route, because the sauce is to damn god not to eat. The baked beans and macaroni & chese were not anything special, but they were god. The ribs were our favorite part! We absolutely loved them. Very tender and the sauce they chose to slather them in was delicious. This place is prety far from where we live, but we would definitely go out of our way (again) to eat here more.
I love the fish tacos from Rubios, I always order them. Wel sometimes I get the shrimp or Salmon tacos and I also love that black salsa chipotle sauce and the chips are delish here.
